["in the past there were arguments for and against casual sex . now it can be a question of life or death . i swear I won’t tease you. Won’t tell you no lies (yeah) I’ve a'waited so long baby. Now that we're friends .", 'Earl had a baby. Baby was her name. He knew she was crazy. Tiny was the same. Down behind the shed. Slaughtering the hog. Slice it on the belly. Feed it to the dog.', 'violet dancers cast their blood. The moon gave me flowers. For funerals to come . she died so beautiful. her beauty scares me . no more pain to feel now. Touch the silence. Afraid of hell .', "a mule kicks up at anything he hears. his back is brawny but his brain is weak. he's just plain stupid with a stubborn streak . if you hate to go to school. you may grow up to be a mule .", "i'm a tell you one time, don't fuck wit me!. Get down! Cause I ain't got nothing to lose . i can't hear nothing you saying or spitting, so wassup! .", "when they get what they want. and they never want it again . go on, take everything. Take everything, I want you to. I'm the one with no soul . if you want to take everything, you have to take it .", "john avlon: rising tide's live coverage of a gala salute to Ronald Reagan is free . he says he's thinking of Hollywood tragedy. big mac, smack, Phoenix, R., please smile y'all . the white man has just found a new moral saviour, he writes .", "'Cause I ain't wastin' no more time. On what we did and what we didn't do. If you're gonna leave. Yeah, you better start runnin'. 'I'm the one who's always wrong. But maybe I'm not the one.'", 'great nations built from the bones of the dead. With mud and straw - blood and sweat. You know your worth when your enemies . Praise your architecture of aggression. a worldwide suicide . if you want to be a leader of a great nation, you need to be an architect of aggression .', "once I had a love and it was a gas, it seemed like the real thing but I was so blind . love is so confusing, there's no peace of mind. if i fear i'm losing you, it's just no good .", 'i can see my freedom but i need a little time. Your hair wet and your arms full. You were dead, you were alive. Looking in the heart of light. Looking into the silence. From those nights so frigid. They seemed hardly real. Roland to the dark tower came. Weialala leia. Impossible.', "love is all, from what i've heard, but my heart's learned to kill . i bet this mighty river's both my savior and my sin . but like always, I let them go .", "bob greene: if I speak up, no one will hear. if i wear a mask, there's somewhere to hide . he says if no truths are spoken, then no lies can hide. my body's a temple. but nothing is simple. Silence is golden. I have been broken. Safe in my own skin.", "me and Billy were half a mile from the county fair when the rain came pourin' down . and it stoned me to my soul. Stoned me just like going home . a man lived all alone in his own little home. With a great big gallon jar .", "i'm on my way to what I want from this world, and years from now you'll make it to the next world . i took a right, I took the right turning yesterday, and now that i don't want for anything . I'd have Al Jolson sing I'm sitting on top of the world, ah-hah .", "Nigga, my gun go off - don't try to say I'm tripping . when I get to flipping and I smack the clip in . Leaving niggas hurting, homicide's lurking .", 'the vibes tonight yeah, so sweet yah. I man spot this sweet senorita. We a bounce to the bass and di tweeter . look how the dress hug up pon her hips so. Look how she move fast and a do it slow.', "i've sailed the seas, fought my many demons. I've stood in hell, where many had to suffer. I stared the devil in the eyes. And found the great gates of fire . while i escaped in the night, fight or flight. Live again, all roads end . 'i'll be coming home. drank the blood of a king.'", "i am small and the world is big. All around me is fast moving. Surrounded by so many things. Suddenly, suddenly. I am young and I am free. but I get tired and I get weak. I get lost and I can't sleep . if you could comfort me, would you cry with me?.", "'if you were still about. I'd ask you what I'm supposed to do now. I just get a bit scared every now.' 'when i do something like you, you'll be on my mind all through,' he says .", "motherfuckers beware cause i'm sick . all bodies found dead, fuck it, blame it on Chuckie . when i murder, i tried to slack off. now 100 missiles blew a little girl's back off . before i die cut off my leg and let me die in '82 .", "we say that we're in love. While secretly wishing for rain. Sipping Coke and playing games . the sun shines high above. The birds swoop down upon. The crosses of old grey churches .", "sally kohn: if this is all the love my spirit can give, there is not a reason more to live . she says if it's all love, there's no reason to live. if love is all it can give. take it back tonight . ok, i'm stuck here. Between the guilty and the insincere. I should have known this.", "david rothkopf: i thought i saw a glimmer of hope, but you couldn't understand . he says you can strike me with your matches, scatter me like ashes . some things are better left unsaid, but sometimes i feel like this could break me in half .", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges you to be a better person . this life remains the same but i change . i try to fool myself in believing. things are going to get better but life goes on.", "calls from the station. As an invitation you can't escape . always on the way wherever you end up.. It's half way from somewhere . you know it pretty well yourself.. there are things so painful and difficult . so we don't get through them by talking about them .", "don't start the action, it will turn against you soon . you left the people when the people left you out . only minded now with defeats of yesterday . give me an angle that I haven't tried before .", "david rothkopf: I'm still beneath in the soil. I need to know what you keep inside . he says we're intertwined forever and have always been. Say the word. And I'll depart . flowers already withered. Outside in the park. The days move along. And nothing ever changes .", "the bottles are broken, my well runs dry. all these painful words make this much harder . left alone I've wandered in this place all night. this has to be the only way to make this right . would you believe me if i told you.... It was my time to die .", "cnn's aaron ramsey is in the air to help prepare for the air raid . he says he's running, scrambling, flying, rolling, turning, diving, going in again . we've got to get airborne before it's too late, he writes .", "the prettiest thing I ever did see. Was lightning from the top of a cloud. Moving through the dark. A million miles an hour with somewhere to be . now I'm dreamin' again. Like I've always been. Way down low. I still know.", "love is all around me. and it's written in your name . in your eyes the light inside you shines . i am overcome. What a strange thing you have done . from now on my life has change .", "'i’m gonna trade this life for fortune and fame. I’d even cut my hair and change my name. 'Cause we all just wanna be big rockstars. and live in hilltop houses driving fifteen cars. The girls come easy and the drugs come cheap. We’ll all stay skinny 'cause we just won’t eat'", 'time is coming to feed and gnaw on the kraken sleepeth . the mermaid will let it know . she will be able to eat her prey and eat it . a sexy sneer is a must .', "bob greene: it's just you and me. And no one else. Slowly now . he says we shouldn't let this go too fast . greene says he's consumed with desire to be with you forever .", "'you could make milk curdle. Make your skin crawl. Make the paint peal off of the wall.' Since the hot winds blew from out your back door. Baby, it sure has been a gas. But I can't live life in fear of your ass.", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to be a bright red star . this week's boot camp is a celebration of bright red stars . it's the first time we've met, and we're talking into the night about nothing .", "ah lip up fatty, for the reggae. Don't call me fat man. fat man don't like you, fat man . fatty beat is moving with the rhythm, sweating with the heat .", "we march to the drums of the damned as we come . we are strong, but we don't belong . all we've ever really wanted was a place to call our home . but you take all we are, the innocence of our hearts .", 'ITS strength was divine. Synthesized gnomes. Penetrated this godly zone. Summer was thrown off . ITS royal THRONE. Appeared in my mind. Even without leaves . "it\'s a tree. It\'s not a gnome, it\'s just a bird."', "the tallest trees stretch to the sea. and to the edge where shadows meet. A quiet place and nature's way. A season comes and whispers life. Still born again into golden dreams. A Hiding place beneath blue skies.", "bob greene: now everything dies, baby, that's a fact, but maybe everything that dies someday comes back . he says he's tired of coming out on the losing end, so he met a man in Atlantic city . greene says if you're in the mood for a good night's sleep, don't worry, it'll be worth it .", "invisible. (Just like your love), you treat me like I'm not really there . when you get the need to flirt. You do the works. You don't care how much it hurts . I can never reach you on the phone. It rings and rings when you're home .", 'ahem, back by popular demand. now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can . "shady, man, no, don\'t massacre the fans!" . i swear them other men, you give \'em an inch. they take a mile; they got style, but it isn\'t Slim .', "i hate the way I cry when you say you miss me. but I love the way you hold me when I sleep . my doctor said I gotta sing a happy tune . if i skip my dinner, make myself pretty and thinner. maybe he'll love me .", "I waisting for you. To miss you you. I waisted for you . to miss you, miss you and miss you. to waiste for you, to waist for you and to waist a little bit more . you'll be sorely missed.", "if the bomb that drops on you. Gets your friends and neighbors too. there'll be nobody left behind to grieve . we will all go together when we go. All suffused with an incandescent glow. No one will have the endurance. To collect on his insurance. Lloyd's of London will be loaded when they go.", 'there was a barber and his wife. And he was beautiful. But they transported him for life . he had this wife, pretty little thing, silly little nit. Had her chance for the moon on a string. Poor fool. But there was worse yet to come, poor thing .', 'bob greene: if i object, then i defect. my country \'tis of thee. "what will become of me?" he says. "the world needs a hero. The world needs hero." "the white house is calling.". they wanna talk to me?. tell \'em that I can\'t be bought.". Tell \'enemy that i\'m not free. "The world needs an hero"', "once again I do I turn to you. It's the same old S.O.S. but with brand new broken fortunes . if you don't know this. Then what do you know? . every second of my life I only live for you .", "my loving was so untrue?. you do it to me sweetly. to my yeah-yeah,. You do it lovely . but we're not suffocated. So why should it affect you?", 'we\'ll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we walk in fields of gold . "i never made promises lightly and there have been some that I\'ve broken" many years have passed since those summer days among the fields of barley .', "the sun is getting low, there it goes. Here we go, here comes the moon . summer nights. Everybody's feeling sexy. Holler if you're ready for some summer nights . a big bonfire on the beach. It's Coronas in Daytona, y'all .", "donna brazile: didn't think that we could love like this. never thought that I would care . she says it can free us if we dare. If there is. New love. New ways. New faces in our lives . if there are. New loves. new ways. Those times will last forever. And ever .", "the world is in a crozy, shzy ite.. My father is like a jungle Drum.. but a doong ka doong doong dong doong.. . My hands are in the air, you are I'm in run..", 'do you like things the way they seem?. or are you looking behind the scenes?. Are there dark parts to your mind?. Hidden secrets left behind?. Where no one ever goes. But everybody knows . do you get dizzy on the ground?. It must be something going around .', "bees and butterflies are now my slaves. now I have to teach them. How to fly. When the feelings are right. Holding to catch the stars. When I'm feeling the right. My hands start to reach very high.", 'a tragic serenade. With Judas in my stride. The Gothic halls of shame. Wishing to repent. For the brute that ravaged free. "Wormwood my name. The poisoned star that fell to earth."', "see how the skulls we build. fill all the towers we fill . there's cracks in our hearts and heads. A place we can hide . Oh, electric shocks, no. Oh. electric shock, no . your smile sticks a kiss. That could stop it.", "donna brazile: i see our freedom in my sight. No locked doors, no windows barred . she says they keep me locked up in a cage. build my fear of what's out there . brazil: they see it right, they see this saves us from our hell .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to answer a crossword puzzle . john sutter asks: "what do you see?. a picture perfect scene?" he says he swears he\'ll let it rest. "where have you gone?"', 'did you ever try to smile at some people?. all they ever seem to do is stare . did you try to laugh at others?. yes, all they seem to stare a lot . do you know how it feels to be lonesome? .', "argue with me. The doors won't close. The pipes all froze. Let it go. An easier time . because I still can't find you. Because i still haven't found you2 . cnn.com's ireport.com: can you help me?", "i come from a long line of sinners like me . my mama had a soft spot for a hell raisin' boy . she had two more just like him . when the doctor smacks him, he'll probably take a swing .", "cop on the corner, look he's startin' to write. I don't need no ticket so i screamed out of sight . i'd rather have a jet but it's not in the song.", "don't let up until we're through. Gimme all your lovin'. All your hugs and kisses too . you got to whip it up. And hit me like a ton of lead. If I blow my top. Will you let it go to your head?", "william bennett: We will fight the heathens, we will fight heathen . he says we must call upon our bright darkness. Beliefs, they're the bullets of the wicked . the righteous man must attain a reason to kill a man, history teaches us so, he writes .", "my new truth eats in your brain. 9 millimeters straight into your face . sometimes wars must be waged to win peace . if this battle is to be fought, i'll beat it!", 'Bali Ha\'i may call you. Any night and any day. "Come to me, come to me". "Here am I your special island". Bloom on the hillside. And shine in the streams. If you try you\'ll find me.', "'i'm the one who makes you laugh. When you know you're 'bout to cry. And I know your favorite songs.' Have you ever thought just maybe. 'you belong with me?' 'if you could see that . i know you better than that,' he says .", 'sally kohn: if we don\'t live to be old and faint, it will be because we forgot to get away . she says when she was young, you were the best thing goin\'. and she struggled to keep her hands to myself . sylvia: "i\'ll see you outside in a few days or in ... weeks. if you should be shot trying to escape"', "at night I swear I swear. I'm gonna love you like my very own son . sometimes I fear these hands of mine . i'll never mention this again . but i promise you better things from now on .", "don't talk about sex that's a sin. Confess your evils to the man. he'll do everything he can. We'll all be there it'll be swell. Pulling your lives. With such lies. we're being sucked up. Into the vacuum culture. This way this way. It's too late.", "Stupid girl. a loner. I'm a loser, a winner in my mind . what's wrong with my life today? she's gone away (she's going away) What's a loser? a good one? I'll be a sick one with a smile .", "the telephone has taken all your time. Taken all this time . for the rest of our lives we're terrified. the photographs they've taken make you look blind . but hey darlin' don't you look fine. your two front teeth shaved. Like ice and sharp as razors.", "'i'm hard to live with, problems a hundred.. leave when you've had enough of me.. You can yell at me all you want.. Show how fast blood flows in the veins.", "i want to wake up in a city. that doesn't sleep. and find I'm king of the hill . if i can make it there. I'll make it anywhere . it's up to you, New York, new york!", "she's turnin' on the heat. 'cause it's a little too much. she got everything she needs. What she does in front of me. She got that look in her eye. I think I gotta know why1 .", "free fall never can. Ever reach the ground again. Feel my mind explode within. Near to death's door to ignore. The screams of all. Who fall before. Bullet, bullet, bullet train. Piercing through my brain.", 'our souls try to be swept from our bodies. They\'ll complete what we did. or what we wished to destroy . "what you\'re doing. What you do has no meaning. Consider the fight\'s all around"', "the more I had to change, I just stayed the same . you don't know what you've got, 'til you're missing it a lot . what i'm going through is hurtful .", "girls don't like boys. Girls like cars and money. Boys will laugh at girls. When they're not funny . 'all of these boys, yeah, and all of these girls. Losing their souls in a material world.'", "sally kohn: i've become resistant to myself, to my weaknesses and pain . kaku: without knowing how it hurts, i feel safe . she says I've changed. I'm addicted to being strong. I want to be strong again .", "bob greene: i'm not the one for you. he's the one who is on my mind. I never had a chance . greene says she fades away to a land far away. she takes no time to explain why she goes .", "bricks and mortar, reflecting social change. cracks in the pavement, reveal cravings for success . this is progress, nothing stands in its path. yellow bulldozers, the donkey jackets and j.c.b.'s .", 'in the room of throns, there was a time when mortals embraced thunder and majesty . a burning conflict summons me to descend into the other side . from perfect skies, a dark and vengeful day. Faith and mercy gone astray .', "bob greene: like most babies smell like butter, he was born a scentless apprentice . he says every wet nurse refused to feed him. electrolytes smell like semen . greene says you can't fire me because I quit!", "a torn t-shirt made it all danger again . with my eyes closed, i still see you fine . i know there's nothing to relive, it's just the shape of it all .", "the girls need a break. We only wanna dance. We're gonna let our hair hang down . the best thing about being a woman is the prerogative to have a little fun . i get totally crazy. Can you feel it? i'm going out tonight. I'm feeling alright .", "cnn's mike downey says his mother understands her. she understands me that's good . he says my mother is the best at table drying her madre . she says they're good.. great, great, well, if you know what i mean .", "after the boys of summer have gone, baby, i can see you. your brown skin shinin' in the sun . i see you walkin' real slow and you're smilin' at everyone . I can tell you my love for you will still be strong .", 'this is tragic like when Michael left The Jacksons . i\'m letting you know it\'s not exceptional. and no conversation you can save the games . "i\'ve been the same me. and I been by your side like a 2 way," i said .', "this girl he thought she was. Living in a dream. It's just that he was. Exceptionally clean . he's got a dirty mind, just don't know what you're gonna find .", "if the lights go out on all of us. in just a year or two, then i'll be here with you . if sky falls down like pouring rain, then I'll go down with you. I'm gonna try for all i am worth. To stay with you till the end of the earth .", 'bob greene: no one ever knew a more charming creature than my old man . he says he was a pilot in the big war in the u.s. army air corps . greene says his heart only made it to fifty-eight. for the first time since he died .', "Germany has gotta die!. wake up! Wake up! Get off your spleen!. The war is still between East and West.... Money talks! Money! You're so bored and sick!. Lets burn Germany!.", 'the trench is dug within our hearts. And mothers, children, brothers, sisters. Torn apart. We eat and drink while tomorrow, they die. The real battle just begun. To claim the victory Jesus won. On—. Sunday, Bloody Sunday.', "a typical winter storm dissolves in a colorless rainbow . a monument for the ruptured two seasons away from summer . in praise of sanity the courage to leave it all behind . the Swan's song the rejection of the light once more .", "victims of fury are cowardly now. Running for safety. Stabbing the harlot to pay for her sins. Leaving the virgin. Suicide running as if it were free. Ripping and tearing. Oh, through the mist and the madness. we're trying to get the message to you. metal militia. Metal militia. We are as one as we all are the same.", "Crazy little thing called love. I gotta be cool, relax, get hip. And get on my tracks. Take a back seat, hitch-hike. And take a long ride on my motorbike. Until I'm ready (Ready Freddie).", 'cnn\'s john sutter says he can\'t seem to face up to the facts . he says if he has nothing to say, his lips are sealed . "we are vain and we are blind. we hate people when they\'re not polite"', 'dreamed i choked on your kaleidoscope. now you still look deadly. my fatal flower how the tigers all laughed. Insincere as we rolled for years in turning barrels. as you blew it all away with roman candles.', "'pon ya case man' is a sexy mud up for all ages . you're a mek man – and you don't need any make-up . 'i like to move it, move it' - a woman .", 'we were always meant to say goodbye. even with our fists held high . "i didn\'t come here to hurt you, now I can\'t stop. i want you to know you couldn\'t have loved me better" looking at you makes it harder. but I know that you\'ll find another .', "'Cause you're my thrill. You do something to me. You send chills right through me. When I look at you. 'You know you are my thrill . Nothing seems to matter. Here's my heart on a silver platter. Where's . my will. Why this strange desire. That keeps mounting higher .", 'a nigga can\'t shine off $6.55. "we ain\'t retards the way teachers thought" "we didn\'t make it past twenty-five. Joke\'s on you, we still alive" 67-year-old nicolaus miller: "we don\'t care what people say"', "bob greene: before i pass out i need your ghost to tell me this bloodless voice . he says once its gone it's just something you ain't never gonna find. no matter how hard you try. there's no reason to stop it . greene says if you could just make up your mind. Train tracks. Can't decide .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to be a better driver . this week\'s topic is "the voice of God" the voice of god is laced with sarcasm .', 'black sheep boy: "there\'s plenty of time to make you mine tonight" he\'s the smell of the moonlight wisteria and the thrill of the abecedarian . he says there are plenty of ways to claim his crimes tonight .', 'the motion of your ocean means "Small Craft Advisory" if you capsize on your thighs high tide, you sunk my battleship . you and me, baby, ain\'t nothing but mammals. so, let\'s do it like they do on the Discovery Channel .', "white knuckles grip pushing through for the gold . I struggle in violated space . sell out motherfuckers in the biz that try to fuck me. Hang from their T's rated P.G. insight .", "bob greene: i'm left to walk this world alone. in a broken mold they made me . he says he's left riding a warhorse. a man without a country . greene says if he wants to be a better person, he needs to be better .", 'bob greene: i\'ve hungered for your touch a long, lonely time. are you still mine? he says time goes by so slowly and time can do so much. "Wait for me, wait for me".', "bob greene: tonight, i can't hold a pen. Someone's got a stamp that I can borrow . he says Jesus rides beside me. He never buys any smokes. ashtray floors, dirty clothes, and filthy jokes . greene says he'll write you a letter tomorrow. i promise not to blow the address again .", '"being hungry, it ain\'t no crime. coming down again," he says . "sky fall down again" is a blizzard-style fall from a sky-high cliff . it\'s a great way to spend your time, but you can\'t hide it .', "do not forget to forget your talent. Abortion all-and-any lyricism. not to fall into ostracism . if it's going to go well in the picture.. Sell your mother and do not miss the sympathy .", 'severing from the world. and shutting down completely. All alone in my own living hell . between the flashbacks and the violent dreams . paradise came to an end. and no magic pill. Can bring it back again .', "first time without my training wheels. first time I lost my legs. Bring that beat back to me again . don't you know. Days I remember. Just a kiss. That's what I miss . bring me back to that beat again. Smokin under the railroad bridge .", "i've never known how to say goodbye. so you just slipped away. From what i had to say. That still connects me to. All my heart can hold. Here in the midnight. Fading shadows reappear. Have I been dreaming for too long?. All around me the world is still. I lift my head on this lonely hill. I'll put these stars to flight. Roll back this velvet night. And make a million suns. Shine only on you.", 'people saving whales. And giving your thanks to our seas . my respect to the ones in the forest. Standing up for our old trees . giving food to the hungry. Hope to the needy. Giving life to a baby .', "he kept her picture on his wall. Went half crazy now and then . but he still loved her through it all. Hoping she'd come back again . they placed a wreath upon his door. And soon they'll carry him away .", "'i'll listen to all your dreams. In my ear. And let me shake your hands. And give you a few illusions.' 'with five petals I'll absorb you. Five senses that steal from you. . Just a little bit of your being.. And six months to live. Under the same moon. And another nine will pass. To feel that new flowers will be born. And that every star. It was a flower.'", "cynthia schneider: if we're to blame then the fruit. We're losing everything but the truth . she says archaism is a dusty road leading us back to nowhere. it's just a phase bring in some new life . her: we are such villains. we would tell ourselves anything. We want to hear. We don't.", 'mercy backed outside her windowsill. Dreamed she was flying. High above the trees, over the hills . Mercy backed out of her windowill. looked down into the house of Mary. Bare bulb hung, newspaper covered walls. Mary rising up above it all.', "lady sings the blues. I'm tellin' you, she's got 'em bad. But now the world will know. She's never gonna sing them no more. Lady sings them. i'm telling you, they're bad . but now she tells her side. Nothing to hide .", '"i gave you all you desired. all that you needed, boy, I provided," says sally kohn . "when you hit the wall, think of me. I\'ll be on the top just watching you fall," she says . she says she doesn\'t know how to act or what to say, but "i know i am good, i will be okay"', "my dearest darling. Please love me to. Within my heart . i pray your answer's yes. I'll make your life. Full of happiness . Oh. I pledge my love to you. With God as our guide .", "don’t stop now, don't stop . now. Don't . stop now. . King Shit and the Golden Boys. Plenty more where we come from, top o' the . line .", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges readers to vote for their favorite food . this week's winner will be announced on thursday, november 8 at 9 p.m. et .", 'go my sadness. And tell her. That without it can not be. Tells him in a prayer that she returns . longing. Without it there is no peace. There is no beauty, it is only sadness and melancholy . hugs will be millions of hugs. Tight so glued, so quiet. Hugs without ending .', 'after the boys of summer have gone, babe, i can tell you my love for you will still be strong . i see you walkin\' real slow and you\'re smilin\' at everyone . out on the road today, a little voice inside my head said, "don\'t look back."', 'bob greene: when i tell you that I love you I will look you in the eye . he says he could swear to god you accidentally fell that flight of stairs . greene says when he kissed you on the cheek, "Goodnight my love" and drifted asleep .', "do you feel scared? I do. but I won't stop and falter. if we threw it all away. things can only get better . treating today as though it was the last, the final show. get to 60 and feel no regret .", "we're like crystal, we break easy. i'm a poor man, if you leave me. I'm applauded, then forgotten. here comes love, it's like honey. You can't buy it with money, you're not alone anymore. with your love, you could feed me.", '"we in here!" is a six-number one album, imagine that . cats is sick, cause dog got his swagger back, naw i\'m still grabin\' the bat . i couldn\'t take it, deface it, that nigga make shit .', "there's still breath on the mirror.. A vague trace of your lips. And in every corner like hell. The Limp Elf Adalbert. I miss you so much.. I haven't gotten used to it yet.. That you're not coming.. that you won't come. That the bell won’t ring..  That you’re with someone else .", "bob greene: there was a time two fearless minds packed up for a new place . he says they painted the walls until they couldn't reach a house in between a homeless shelter . greene says we'll sit and smile and remember. Nothing could feel the same .", "lz granderson: when i leave there's nothing left to say. You call it all you want . he says i'm so in love with you, but you'll drown me. River runs and takes the boats away . river's bottom dark and blue. why do i love you so?. you're going to drown me .", 'leaches brought the cleansing flood. Patching up my broken bones. Filling jars with kidney stones. Loosing weight do you wanna see. Cancer taking a crack at me. first we mourn then we dine.', "donna brazile: maybe we oughta think twice. before we start something nice . she says you know it's true. I really love you. You know I do. I love you, baby. think twice, think twice . we should think twice before starting something nice, she says .", "girl: if it's gonna be like this forever, i don't know how long i can hold on . girl: why am i so damaged, why am I so troubled, girl? she says i'm not sure if she'll be able to hold on forever .", "show a little faith now. 'Cause everything's gonna ok. When nothing's making sense. And the questions never end. You gotta let it go. Every now and then. I can't pretend. but in the end I say that I don't know. And do you believe in miracles?. I hear they happen every day. And if you believe then. We can walk on water.", "bob greene: when i saw you say goodbye to your friend and smile, i thought it was well understood . he says one of us must know that you just did what you're supposed to do . greene says he didn't mean to make you so sad, but you just happened to be there .", "many people don't understand (no, no) that love is money in the hand . when you leave me, sweet kisses I miss . come 'ere loverboy!. (and if he doesnt answer? ). I simply say. Baby. Ohh baby. My sweet baby. You're the one4 .", "'cause I'm more lost than found. Shine a light on my misery. Wake the child from her sleep. Wipe the eyes of the dewy morning. The waters so deep. 'Cause i'm aging. my hair is turning black. There's a rythm behind it. That you can't know'", "bob greene: i've never met a man who's made me feel quite so secure . he says when we go up to bed. you're just no good, it's such a shame . greene says all you do is take. you never make me scream .", "bob greene: if you were mine, i wouldn't want to go to heaven. Cherish the day . he says you're ruling the way that i move. you take my air. you show me how deep love can be . greene says i won't go astray. i'll be afraid. you'll catch me running .", "i say, it is a pity, you already have yuh wife. and me have a one man inna mi life . i woulda like one of these mornings to wake up and find. your face on a pillow . fi buck you up in public and can't even touch. it really fuck me up .", "you've seen life through distorted eyes, you know you had to learn . the truth is out, the lies are old, but you don't want to know . when you ask the reasons why. they just tell you that you're on your own .", "suicidal voltage line sends signals out of distress . with a flick of the switch, she'll blow you sky high . give you pain, blow your brain . she gonna put the light out on you .", "i built this ark with japheth, shem, and Ham . but what, what, do you think it's gonna do? i'm so happy to say (it's rain) on the world today . when i live by faith, my work is through .", "bob greene: war for territory. choice control. Behind propaganda. Poor information . he says it's a dictator's speech. Blasting off your life. Rule to kill the urge . greene says he's learned to believe in that man. Racist human being .", 'bob greene: when i was young, my father told me "that\'s my job, that\'s what I do" he says every person carves his spot, and fills the hole with life . he asks: "how can I come up with a song to say, "I love you"? greene says he\'s a poet, but he doesn\'t want to be a writer anymore .', "motherfuckers gonna pay. I go to court for my crime. Stand in line, pay bail. I may serve time . i'm fucked by pigs. I flip them off. They hit me across the head with a billy club .", "'i think I used to have a purpose. Then again, that might have been a dream. Now I never make a sound. I just do what I've been told. I really don't want them to come around. Oh no. There is no love here and there is no pain.", "sometimes I feel like I'm playing on the radio . sometimes i feel like i'm on a travelling road show . Sometimes i just want to ride and go where no man should go . could it be, ever really be all right?", "love is like an itching in my heart. Tearing it all apart. Keeps me sighing . love is a nagging irritation causing my heart complication . i've been bitten by the love bug. and need some information to help me out .", "a man was killed for his giro on a stage in london . john sutter: i was not the only one that'd have gladly died . why, would you pay?. To see me in a cage. When the night has come .", "michael hayden: I'm drowning in nothing. Nothing real. Nothing left. Nothing . he says everyone hates me now. Everyone has changed. But me . everyone has changed, but me, he writes, and he's hating me now .", "bob greene: save your scissors. for someone else's skin. save your strength . he says he has never claimed. To have patents on such inventions . greene says there is something. I expect nothing less. From you tonight.", "a whole world to devour. With some help from Captain Trips . i'm the walkin' dude. I can see all the world. Twist your minds with fear. he's the man with power. Among the living. Follow me or die.", "'i am the wall you can never climb. I am the pain that you feel inside. I bring it all, let the show begin. 'Cause this is where it's going down. Madness is coming your way. As long as my heart still beats. i can guarantee you. .", "long as i got you by my side, i don't wanna be right . knowing you got a wife and two little children depends on you too? knowing I got someone else at home, who needs me just as much?", "sally kohn: i sat ashore and watched as hopeless wave crashed upon another . she says my heart never reached the sea, with only delusions of an endless journey . the gate to my heart has been weld shut. With splendor of my aspirations closed in, she says. I will not stand in reflection. Of someone else's dream.", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to come up with a story about your nightmare . john sutter: you've been lied to just to rape you of your sight . while you slowly go insane, they tell you how to feel .", "I don't like the vibe in the vip. I'm fit to loving it. Risk it for a biscuit. You're smooth boy. A dude boy. Guess how I like it rude boy. The music it. It does it .", "bob greene: you insulted me in my home, you're forgiven this time . greene says there's no pressure besides brilliance let's say by day nine . he says guilt is a self-proclaimed immoral success. Perfected by each whereof .", 'not a cyborg, call him Psychotron. Part bionic and organic. Assassin in stealth, assailant from Hell. Computer on-board, engaged in a war. a killing machine, just downright mean. And forever cunning.', "today is a day of looking toward the sky. Trying to figure out what you're at . sometimes go up and sometimes fall. And I when you come near me. I don't answer for my actions.. I feel like here I go.. To hate you, to love you .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to share your prayers with the world . this week, jarrett bellini asks for your prayers to be answered . be mindful of the prayers you send. pray hard but pray with care .", "lz granderson: i swear I know your face. I wish I could name it. If I could just explain it . he says you're hurting. Weighed down like a beast of burden. About to break your back . you know it's gonna drag you down. they thought they could use you, push you down, abuse you .", 'so believe. So believe. In booksmart devil. retreat. So retreat. From land-locked lover. With anchored armor. Sobering. So sobering . so retreat. In street-wise angel .', 'bob greene: i hope the fences we mended. fall down beneath their own weight . he says I hope the junkyard a few blocks from here. someday burns down . greene says he hopes he never comes back to this town again. in his life .', "'i'm so, oh. I can't get her off of my brain. I just wanna go to the party she gon' go. Can somebody take me home?. ha-ha-he-haha-ho . love me, hate me, say what you want about me . but all of the boys and girls are begging to, if you seek Amy .", '"i\'m me, a haiduc. and please, my love. Receive the happiness," says ma-ya-hi . "i gave you Beep, and I\'m sturdy. but you must know i am asking nothing" "i remember your eyes. I\'ll call you to tell you. What I feel now."', "wine is fine, but whiskey's quicker. Suicide is slow with liquor. Take a bottle, drown your sorrows. Then it floods away tomorrows . Evil thoughts and evil doings. Cold, alone you hang in ruins. thought that you'd escape The Reaper. You can't escape the Master Keeper.", 'a one-eyed, one-horned, flyin\' purple people eater came down to earth . he said in a voice so gruff, "i wouldn\'t eat you \'cause you\'re so tough" he swung from the tree and he lit on the ground .', "i saw a ric.. you've seen her, haven't you?. he was the cardinal who took an abbey from him . the bishop, the king, the rich and the emperor ruined him half . they took away three houses and a block .", "bob greene: I'm a social disease. I've come for your wealth. Leave you on your knees. No time for feeling sorry. I choose to walk alone. he says if i'm right, I lose nothing. if you're right, i lose it all . greene says he's guilty, haunted by fears. only consequences are dread and the fugitive mind .", "bob greene: your shadow will get that the best of you. It's going to lift you up and let you down . he says it will defeat you and then teach you to get back up . greene says it's a warning that nobody heard. you learn to love what you're afraid of .", "man of my heart. I love you so. Lately I find you're on my mind. More than you know . there's nothing I can do about it. Loving mayba all you can give . but baby I can't live without it. Oh how I'd cry.", "i'm just another local kid. From the street getting paid for my vocals . here is something you can't understand. How I could just kill a man . i got the clearance to run the interference, shining a battle light .", "i have only one burning desire. let me stand next to your fire . i ain't gonna hurt ya baby. ow, yeah, you better save it, babe . baby, dooo4u, i'm not gonna get hurt if i don't play with you .", "bob greene: i wanna be loved by you, just you. Nobody else but you . he says i couldn't aspire. To anything higher. Than to feel the desire. To make you my own .", 'Now that I need you. (Now that I need you...)', "my wounded rhymes make silent cries tonight. longing from a distance . I ranted, I pleaded, I beg him not to go . for sorrow, the only lover I've ever known .", "bob greene: if i told you that i love you, you'd cry and say I think I've finally learned my lesson . he says if you told me that you love me too, you would cry together, laugh at me . greene says we'd live and love forever, and that you're my one and only .", "nobody's callin' that payphone in your mind . i ain't got nothing but your seed on my face. you'll put them babies to waste without your finger in the pie . my mama told me one thing i'll remember till I die .", "don't want no drama mama. It's love I bring. I wanna do this thing. Oh, wait a minute. You're out of sight. I want to know. You. You are my life and my passion. That never goes out of fashion.", "carved my cure with the blade. That left me in scars . now every time i'm weak. Words scream from my arm . don't ever trust the needle when it cries. Cries your name .", "michael hayden: with lust, you're kicking mankind to death. we live and die without hope . he says as i stand here now, my heart is black. i don't want to die a lonely man. this is a weary hour.", "the seven things i hate about you: your hair, your eyes, your old Levi's . when we kiss, i'm hypnotized. You make me laugh, you make me cry . i don't know which side to buy; when we're intertwined, everything's alright .", 'What will be of me?. Yo in the sé qué will be de mi ahora . Wait for. Decide, elig qué llevar, qué fall . Does Debris O NO VOLVER?.', "don't deny that you're afraid to go or that you want to cry . tell me stories, tell me more . make me feel guilty for being bored . pray for eternity to fly . i feel love in every sigh .", "to get out of drugs, I'd had enough of that. i'd have the college, the. Earning the money and the material trip. I just decided I was gonna find a new way of life. and so I took off on my bicycle.", 'i walk down the lane. With a happy refrain. And singing. Singing in the rain . ...in the rain. In the rain, ...for love. (daba do do do. Do da do. do da do)', "fly in the ointment. I can spread more disease than the fleas . I shake you down to say please. As you accept the next dose of disease . i can crawl through to you. I'm the fly, I am the fly .", "la vida loca is a voodoo doll and black cat superstitute . she'll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain . her lips are devil red, and her skin's the color mocha .", "when the whole thing comes crashing down. Don't ask me why. I'll be going down. While the rest of you. Harvest the gold. And the wreck of you . i'm the death of you all. ... ... the break and the fall . while you harvest the gold, harvest the souls .", '"this is such a sad affair. I ve opened up my heart so many times. but now it s closed. Oh my dear every salted tear. It wrings. Bitter - sweet applause. Mean i m forgetting. Mein lullaby - liebchen. How rich in contrast. Love can be.', "only a woman can break his spell. Pure in heart, who will offer herself. To Nosferatu. The ship pulled in without a sound. The faithful captain long since cold. he kept his log 'til the bloody end. Mortal terror reigned. Sickness now, then horrible death. Only Lucy knew the truth.", 'my evil plan to save the world is prophetic. No, it\'s not pathetic. I can\'t believe I made it up myself . i\'d make Voltaire proud. Deep and furrow browed. Uncanny and so clever . "our newest plan ever!" is a grander scheme with silver lining.', "i know it's true, but i'm sorry to say. Yesterday's a day away. Nothing I could do to make it stay that way . will you meet me in the morning. With the sun fresh on the dew?. Will you meet i in the evening. When the night-time starts to crawl?.", "KG strums another chord. Better, closer, warmer. he's a kielbasa sausage . all i can think about is. Dianetics junior much better than Krishna . and all you people here, you're tremendous .", 'bob greene: what happened to us all? Have we slept through it? he says judgements are concentrated. On everything they know . he asks: was it all enough? or did it wake you up from your sleeping? greene says we seem so far away from. Everything we are. they know that everything is wrong .', "edward mccaffery: i was told to love you. I learned how to hate. I was born to die . he says you'll never take the blame. I'll always be your scapegoat. I hope you're proud of me. I am your retribution. I never asked for mercy. You told me to forgive. I can barely hold myself.", 'bob greene: life just kind of empties out. Less a deluge than a drought . he says a careless hand drives them off. And leaves again . greene says he found a notice on his door: "that little bombs. Those little pom-poms"', "they say 'Freak'. When you're singled out. The red. Well, it filters through . so lay down, the threat is real. When his sight goes red again . Seeing red again, seeing red again and seeing red once more .", "there's no time like the time right before the flood. you get high to feel your love . you can fly in your dreams. Floating by the black and white scenery . Take a drive where lovers leap. Only to arrive dead on your feet .", "bob greene: if i could see all my friends tonight, where are your friends tonight? he says it's better when we pretend. it comes apart. the way it does in bad films . if you're sued into submission, you can still come home to this, with a face like a dad and a laughable stand . greene says he's not a fool, but a sales force into the night .", "there was a time when every last one. Knew a clergy's chosen man. Where are they now? Thistles and thorns. Among the sand. Upon the land of the briars, you and I. Where do we stand?", "bob greene: i wanna be a Punk Rock superstar. if you love me when i'm a star . he says he'll wink at you as he smashes my guitars. this is just a pussycat's life . greene says it's insane. i want you to love me for who i am. just like supermodel wife .", 'my love, I thought, with naivety. That a single strand of mugue could bring you back . but he dried up waiting for that kiss.. who will never come . this year, the month of may made fun of me .', "my sister's calling with her lovely spell. her endless passions mean a greatful hell . i'm waving gently to another world. I need her kisses although it hurts . my master is calling - she is calling. she stays my hunger with a burning meal. and I feel shelter in her bloody sea .", "'Cause you've been on my mind. For such an endless stretch of time. And I don't want to think about you anymore. I've got to clear my head. Of everything you ever did. Of anything you ever said. 'cause nothing that I knew. Turned out to be true.'", "if she had to die trying, she. Had one little promise she was gonna keep . she stood alone on her balcony on 441 like waves crashin' on the beach . for one desperate moment there, he crept back in her memory .", 'I don’t want a Monday. Tuesday or Wednesday. Or Thursday, Friday. Or Saturday. Oh, nothing . but Sunday . I want to know it’s more than love at first sight . and I’m on a lonely road that leads to nowhere .', "it'll be lonely this Christmas. Without you to hold . since you left me. my tears will melt the snow. What can I do? without you, I got no place to go . if you can imagine a house that's not a home, try and imagine .", "bob greene: everybody knows that you're insane . he says he's lost, down every road he follows, out in the dark and on his way home . greene says if you want to know why you feel so hollow, then you need to know .", "we'll throw in an extra dance. for just a little over 5 pence . (Why choosing?). Need us to smile too?. (lai lai). We'll turn our limo into a hearse.", 'cnn\'s kelly wallace is a country girl who has no friends, maybe a mother or two . she lost her fingers and toes, and now she\'s called her mother on the phone . "i\'m a real mess, oh yes. i love the way you city girls dress"', "faggot, baby.. more like a slut, huh? machino, isn't it? you whore! The one who doesn't scream and throws away . he's a Mickey-dedicated son.. and his whole family .", "if you take me home get me all alone. Nothing could happen it's just too soon . if talking out my head probably misled you. i'm confused and I'm a little scared . boy I try I can't hide how badly I want you tonight I've gotta fight it .", "bob greene: we ran. We starved the things that feel. he's a little dizzy . greene says we hurt the one's we need. Lie down. Stretch upon the sea . if we beat him down, will he stay?.", "it's been so long since I've kissed her. And held her tight in my arms . I'm walking in rhythm (walking in rhythm). Singing my song (singing your song). Thinking 'bout my baby (thinking 'about my baby). Trying to get home (trying to get back home)", "the true Divine Creator wants a velvet revolution . all you killers of the children, there's a new commandment . the true divine creator wants to make the world a better place . if you kill a child, you're going to die in a lion's manger .", 'you know the day destroys the night. Night divides the day . we chased our pleasures here. dug our treasures there . break on through to the other side. Break on through . yeah25. Yeah, yeah, yeah .', "to take a lost life, lock it up, break it down . Fight for freedom, fight authority. . fight for anything, my country 'tis of me. Cry for absolution, it's not the end for me. A last minute pardon, one final reprieve .", "bob greene: let's get high while the radio's on. relax and sing a song . he says if you didn't live here in america. you'd probably live somewhere else . greene says there are good guys and bad guys. and there are crooks and criminals .", "I rule this inferno. Enthroned for eternity. Spirits damned to rot. Amidst the brimstone firewalls. Eyes of the dead. Watching from their living halls. Broken glass reflections. Show your flesh eaten away. Beyond the gates, I'll take you. Where the blood forever rains. Coils of the serpent unwind. Buried beneath you will find.", "bob greene says he could say that it's me but . he says it was a slave to his wages when he was free . greene: now that we've grown up, we have to own up at last .", "bob greene: i've been here for years, just wandering around the neighbor-. You-o-ood . he says the combination of sights, sounds. around him. Sends him hurtling back to the mirror . greene says he might be nursing a broken heart, but feeling this way he's just playing a part .", "the fiends have gagged a generation of pacified fools . david rothkopf: to realize that this in itself is an ascension . he says we'll dance as the palaces burn. a shotgun blast into the face of deceit .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp asks readers to share their thoughts on tv personality crisis . "it\'s just a personality crisis, please, don\'t stop," she says . tuesday is the first day of a three-part series on personality, airing thursday .', "bob greene: where is your god?. Where is your fucking god? he asks, even though he doesn't believe in you, that you end this life . he says all your prayers will go unanswered. why do you think that is?. For the families that waste their time. open your eyes.", "it's that time again. You want to leave me so I keep you home . together we will have a happy home. Together we'll never have to be alone . be my love and then . cnn.com's ireport.com: share your story .", "the priest shall look upon the plague for a rising and a bright spot . he shall carry them forth to a place unclean; he will separate them in their uncleaness . the law of the plague is to teach when it is clean and when it's unclean .", "we're going wrong. Please open your eyes. Try to realise . I found out today, we've gone wrong. We've going wrong . please open your mind. try to realise what you can find . if you're not sure what to look for, please contact me on 0800 555 111.", "there's a world I've always known. Somewhere far away from home . when i close my eyes I see. All the space and mystery . Sha nah nah, samantha nah and shah nah are just a few of the things i've seen .", "honey baby baby, i'm hard to beat. Hot flesh and a touch of bone. Smells in the air but I'm feeling so alone, uh huh. I'll tell ya honey, it's a crying shame.", "boy you blow my mind. I don't know how I'm going to. Show you what I feel for you . All I know, all I know is I. I wanna be with you. 'Cause you know we gotta try girl,' i look at you. I hear your voice .", "bob greene: everything that we make. Has long been overrun. But know now i was wrong . he says he cried and cried again. cos honey now I had a long day in the sun. And baby now it's over . and nothing can be done. And this is where it ends.", "bob greene: if time could stop, how could i make this more poetic? he says if it were you and me tonight. I would tame the stars and save the brightest one for you . he asks: would you make your life seem right?. or would you only hold it back. what you say is alright. Just as long as there's no doubt.", "bob greene: Lo-lovely to see you. I wanna get out of here. Inhale your sky. A beautiful place to be . he says the birds are singing. the dreams that are sent to me. but there's no noises . greene says they're selling us something. I don't need. You shouldn't believe .", "bob greene: the night Santa went crazy, the night Saint Nick went insane . he says something finally must have snapped in his brain, and he bombed a workshop . greene says he'll be out with good behavior in seven hundred more years .", "bob greene: are we still married. Are we still? he says he's tired of all the blood dear. I'm tired of getting hurt. It shatters all the world . he asks: will this tear us in two?", " Friends, we're ruined .  Pulling the snake out of its hole  . My fate, my tasseled plague. if I catch him . 'i fell on your stove, baby.. I fell into your lap, baby ' .", "'it's worth more a year late than an empty century, love.. And it's just better to have a full heart.. That's why i want your affection in my mind to always be strong.. Whether we're far away or near the end .", "cnn's john sutter shares his story of a swanky skater who rolled a skateboard . the skater was banished to an odd-end parking lot when he was six . he got a kickflip, landed on his hip and busted his lip . now he's back on the skateboard, and he wants to get back on it .", "i just imagine that i'm you. and there's nothing nothing nothing I can't do . i remember what it was like. And it was really nice. Never thought i would experience this. From the other side .", "in time, I rope you in again. I build a tower in my bones. I spill the mortar through my home . Don't let your heartbeat keep you safe. One hundred fingerprints I hear. A hundred linger in my ear .", 'a new way. A new breed. Implanted in our minds . sterile hate. Arise. In emptied bodies. Turgid flesh. Tested. Through eternal spastic fits. Mother machine. In genocide. Now scorn. A dying race.', "we count hundreds on the table (Table), twenty's on the floor (Floor) Woke up this morning so I'm still alive (Live). if you're looking for me homie, i'm in the A-T-L (Hey).", "‘Cause you're way too slow. I'll tell you now I'm gonna take this.’ . ‘did you come here to watch me, watch me burn?. . I won't let it show that i'm not always flying .", 'black is back, all in, we\'re gonna win. ayo Chuck, they illin\', we chillin\'. yo man, straight up on the Columbo tip. "we can do this, like Brutus. \'Cause we always knew this."', "this morning. Looks like another day. In another way. Through another place. Too many lonely days. Cause I'm not here for sure. Just here for more. You go on through that door. You went on through the door. I said I didn't need you anymore.", 'mike downey: "fuck you, Ice Cube!" is a brand new payback . he says in \'91, he\'s the wrong nigga to fuck with . down with the niggas that he bails out . up against the Zulu, break his spine like a jellyfish .', 'black is all I feel. Chaos and hate shadow me. Pain fills me up. Only one thing makes me feel. Missing better half of me. Miles beside himself, Miles below himself and Miles behind himself. I walk this maze alone.', 'strong from youth, I made a tour around the whole wide world . then the jade Emperor promoted me to Curtain-Raising General . . NI GAN XING XIONG DAO WO MEN .', "if you're all alone. Pick up the phone. And call. Ghostbusters!. If you've had a dose of a. Freaky ghost, baby. You better call. Unless you just a-want some more .", "i was born in ashes of molten hatred. Raised by demons in abodes of the dead . i need a bishop preaching fire. to get away with my sins . every day i'm being battered up until I bleed .", 'your right eyes but I do not know what to say.. I will not but the time comes . your love, all right.. Even without seeing you. Did not come to an end. If it is no more than I try to be .', "he'd walk her every day into a shady place . with her lips she said. She said. What a gas it was to see him . and this I know, his teeth as white as snow .", "grey park look the same. all the days are pale. I never thought it would rain this way. I should be knowing that, it used to be me. Let's stay here for a while. I'm older. now it's dark and you're colder. and you tell me my parks are grey.", "bob greene: I didn't stand a chance. I couldn't be bothered . he says you looked OK with the others. You looked great on your own . greene says he tried to separate an ocean from these tears we cried .", 'a decent girl named Belle de Jour has had an affair with a woman she loves . she\'s had a bad share of lazy lovers . now she\'ll be good in being untrue . "i took the chance, I found my cure," she says .', "you won't be the moon above us on moonlit night . but even on the deepest ocean you will be the light . Leaving the past behind is knowing you'll do like you always. Holding you blind. Keeping you true .", "i'm the method, man from the Wu-Tang Clan . i be hectic, and comin' for the head piece, protect it. I bet your bottom dollar, hey, i bomb shit .", "between us, days are filled with dreams. Scorpions crawl across my screen. make their home beneath my skin . underneath my dress stick their tongues. Bite through flesh down to the bone . i have been so fuckin' alone. since those three days .", "responsibility made me a nervous wreck. Accountability, I live from check to check. Volatility, neglect and no respect. Got my wheels in motion. I hit the road to 'I don't know'. and look for 'tough shit street'. Moto psycho. You know you can't resist to tell me what I mean. The actor runs the play and ad-libs in-between.", "wake up rock star, you've gone too far. now there's no way back alone . i'll be calling on your radio. Is anyone listening?. If you go, if you go. I'll earn this bleeding heart . don't turn your head. all the time I'd rather be.", "Laura, can't you give me some time?. I got to give myself one more chance . to ring the band that I know I'm in . i'm gonna need his love . this'll be the last time. I ever do your hair.", "‘Cause I like you so much better when you’re naked. . i like you sexier when you're naked,' he says . when you take off all your clothes, he'll take them off .", "lovesongs are killing me. Are killing me... Right now. I can't hear the sceneries. Of constant tragedies. Of what I meant to feel no more. Lovesong, they kill me. They kill me... Now. I'm already dead. And I just cannot bear.", "bob greene: if i had a choice, i'd leave all behind. if I had choice, I'd make you leave my mind . he says you begged me to trust you. I wish I never did. I see it all so clear today. and I feel like a fool .", 'wishing is for children and the games they play, who never thought it through . they say it gets easier at the end of everyday, so why do I wake up with tears? when the ust is gone from the atomic bomb, you can smile .', "david frum: you want your main line Jesus. You want your diamond God . he says you want to pull the trigger. and kill the autumn home. now's the time for truth . black shadow come a-creeping. Take the soul right out of you, he writes . frum says if you're a believer, you'll be able to feel the devil's pull .", "i want to thank you falettinme. be mice elf agin . a simple song. Mama's so happy. Mama start to cry. Papa still singin' . many men are missin' much. Hatin' what they do.", 'a guided tour of your deepest fears. Designed to help you vision clear . Upon my casio, electric piano. Till in the darkness I see lights. No nor candelabra. But things from other stars .', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to think outside the box . this week\'s theme is "hiding summer\'s age no more" the hiding sun feels like it\'s just begun. waiting for summer sun .', "happiness is a loaded weapon and a. Short cut is better by far . it's a semi-automatic, get in the car. Explosive bolts, ten thousand volts . at a million miles an hour. Abrasive wheels and molten metals.", 'not sayin\' it was all bad but tomorrow\'s another day . "i need to find myself again, to much of my life is spent on the weekend" "you might make money and you might make grand. You\'re alone on your own two feet you\'ve gotta stand"', "cnn's richard quest grew up in hope and regarded the cosmos through a circle of rope . he married the first girl who wasn't a man and smiled as the spiders ran all over his hands . quest: made a good living by dying, it's true.", "here's a song for lazy girls and laid back boys. Who never quite outgrew their toys. Eating orange popsicles. Float down the road blowin' kisses. Keep laughing through the hits and misses yeah .", "the circled tomb of a different age. Secret lines carved on ancient stones. Heroic Kings laid down to rest . Wait for the sun on a winter's day. And a beam of light shines across the floor .", 'jackie jackson was a greedy boy who ate far too many cakes . he said, "i love the taste of tasty cakes. i think i\'ll find myself some more!" he ate 10, 20, 30, 40 cakes, ate another 80 .', 'one month in hell. One month in this--. Exploding shells, cowering. Prostrate bodies. Waiting to join them. To join your comrades. Still agonizing. Already dead. Then our. Counter offensive. A last attempt to escape from the trap.', "there was no risk that I wouldn't take . all I asked was that you just hold on . it's been a million years since i touched you . i thought time might help me win this game, but being away from you is slowly driving me insane .", "bob greene: I'm always wanting more. Everything, I haven't got . he says tomorrow must be more. Drink more dreams, more bed, more drugs. Fear more fun, more pain, more flesh . greene says he'll never really get more hope. or any more time. Any more time .", "i'm on a boat, motherfucker, and i fucked a mermaid, whoah . i got a nautical themed pashmina afghan . it's a big, blue, watery road (yeah).", 'faithful to the end. I\'d like to be her very best friend. he worked with her, she was his lady\'s best friend . "it\'s hard when your lady don\'t believe what you say. it\'s the nature that is given to men," he says .', "cnn's kat kinsman's baby broke her heart and left her yearning . she promised she would never ever be returning . her baby said love is through . now she can't convince the girl that she's undercover .", "sally kohn: lost, here is nowhere. Searching home still. Preparations are done, this can't last. she says omen showed, took her away. like the wings of a dove, folding around, she fades into tender care4 .", "everynight I walk around the city. Seems like I'll never know . it's a long way to where I'm going. It's long way there . i live for the day when i can hear people saying. that they care for everyone .", "woke up this mornin' at 11:11 and somethin' was burnin' . realized that everything really does happen in Manhattan . patch up your bleedin' hearts and put away your posies .", "I'm patiently waiting, 'cause it's getting late. and I can't get enough, so let me get it up . i'm a hit defrost on ya, let's get it blazin'.", "I see you cryin' now, you've found a lot of pain . but what you're searching for can never be the same . i will (i will) love you tonight. and I will stay by your side .", "cnn's john sutter says he's losing his appeal as he wakes up at 7am . he says it's one risk you'd never take. the evening's yours, the morning's mine . but just for now, you know what's best.", "bob greene: i ran from the devil. He was on my back. From the Blue Ridge Mountains . greene says he learned you can't run from the dirt in your past . he says mistakes don't disperse through the mountain pass .", "have you ever felt some kind of emptiness inside?. Have you ever told someone something that's far from the truth?. Let them know that you're okay. Just to make them stop. all the wondering, questions they may have. I'm okay, I really am now. Just needed some time to figure things out.", "bob greene: I'm the meek leading the blind. With you I feel. I've been waiting . he says only with mellow are you thin enough to slide through. if the Sun or the Moon should give way to doubt. they would immediately go out. one swallow don't make a summer. tomorrow has to start somewhere.", "do you think he hears us cry?. do you really care? or do you feel responsible? let your conscience be your guide . don't try to clear the air. if he doesn't, he'll be able to help you .", "we believed we'd catch the rainbow. Ride the wind to the sun. Sail away on ships of wonder . but life's not a wheel. With chains made of steel . come the dawn. Come the dawn .", "'you don't really love me, you're not my man,' he says . when you open your mouth you never say what you mean . you drink hard liquor, you come on strong . looking for a fight with a guitar in your hand .", "bob greene: i'm powerless to change your world. i can't lift you . he says if i flew for you, you would still be standing. 'cause I'm part of you. And it's hard not to. Not to know what I can do' greene says he's trying hard to be your tower of strength .", "once again we meet tonight. Get that touch of a magical light . you give us fever. You give us sweat. You're gonna make us live it twice . to be with you i'd risk a fight .", 'a--------of-. Oh-a-oh-a of-. (Hey! Ho! ). (Woo-hoo! Oh! ! ) Mahna, mhna.', 'when things were a little bit clearer. When we got nearer I shrugged from your touch . now that I know what I want, see. I think that it haunts me. I want you too much .', "the same devil that ran around Managua wit' a sword . check the heads bow in Vietnow. Shut down the devil sound . a bullet is used to shut down the radio .", "Trapped in a world of ordinary madness. it’s all the same, there’s nothing new . c'mon, c’mon. where’d you learn how to be so complacent?. they beat you down and you might as well face it. your heroes lied, yeah they’re all just a fake .", "we crash-land the first page. On a crumbling world stage. Into the front rows . and off your feet, all the love you found, spinning 'round . We're twisting incognito with no time, can't talk .", "the world is my expense. The scope of my desire. I protect it with fire . i am the Nia, the Pinta and the Santa Maria . the noose and the rapist, the fields' overseer and the priests of Hiroshima .", "my mother wuz a witch, burned alive-ooooh! and if she ain't your bitch, you'd cry tearz too . i'm evil. And I'm. I am man. I fuckin' am!", 'pain!. Buried so far away. Into my life of nothing. I am so high always. Burying my life so slowly. Sick of the same old thing!. So I dig a hole and bury pain!', "when the sun goes down on my side of town. that lonesome feelin' comes to my door . I spend most every night. Beneath the light of a neon moon . Oh, if you lose your one and only. there's always room here for the lonely .", "i dreamed that you were dead. when i woke up I wanted to call. But we don't talk anymore . i'm sorry, I never told you in all of these years. I didn't leave you like I should . but now you seem like you're fine. Like you've moved on with your life .", "i've been around the world (Round the world) and I've seen it all (Seen it all). . I'm still coming around. I keep coming around . Cause if I do I'll walk. . if i don't walk, i won't be able to walk .", "bob greene: evil urges, baby, be part of the human way . he says if it's all the same, we're tired of waiting, c'mon then. dedicate your love to any woman or man . greene says he's ready for it for now; if you want it, you can .", "don't walk walk walk away. Take me. I will remember you. Long dark hair. Nothing much to lose. Help you crawl crawl crawl. Do you see me as a fool. Can I look look. Oh, the things you took. Eyes asked why why why.", '"the needle, i\'ll thread" is radically poetic . "fist in the air in the land of hypocrisy" says john avlon . he says it\'s like taking photos, mad boy kicks open the shutter .', "grab a brush and put a little makeup. hide the scars to fade away the shakeup . why'd you leave the keys upon the table? i don't think you trust . in my self-righteous suicide, i cry when angels deserve to die .", "falling from an altercation, you're denied access to the one thing bound to stop you going under . you'll have to face tomorrow with no hope to beg or borrow . your only hope's to cook the books, Pray the man don't choose to look you up .", 'aveno deum sonnia. Hades or Deum. He was Deo dear me . devore tia won. omen sore, sore. Aveno Deum sore .', "when I get where I'm going. there'll be only happy tears . I'll shed the sins and struggles. I have carried all these years . i'm gonna walk with my grand daddy. and he'll match me step for step .", '"Killing Is My Business" and hung like a martyr . but some crazy shit has happened since "The Conjuring" came "Anarchy" to "Set the world afire". Pain of "Hook in Mouth", "In My Darkest Hour".', "the not knowing is easy. and the suspecting, that's okay . just don't tell me for certain. That our love's gone away . bob greene says he's waiting for the bell that never rings . greene: i've been hoping. you'd be thinking of me no matter what the time .", "bob greene: my baby, baby does. my lady understands. She understands me right . he says my lady winds me up then lets me go. turns me on and then tells me no . greene says my baby loves me. my baby cuffs me. she doesn't love me .", '"then you be damned!" a vagabond screams to the hobo . "Leave me alone," he wept to the Hobo;. "Turn into stone" he walked away from his fleeting house.', 'sally kohn: blame global infection. for the illness in him. Little knowledge of the non-affection . she says blame the guilt. Crying the tears. Torture the pain. Leaving the emptiness behind . her story is the end of the black light district, a dark, narrow street .', "love is a mystery I can't demystify, oh no . sometimes I wonder why we're here, but i don't care . when you hear the music, trouble disappears .", "i promised you'd never be alone. Hurry, don't be late. i can hardly wait . we'll go dancing in the dark. Walking through the park. And reminiscing .", "asthma attack in a purple haze. Your cards are numbered and so are your days . Makes me hot, makes me naked and makes me feel just plain obscene . now we're all onboard the mystery train. Don't know where we are going. And if we did. It's all the same .", "'i can take a road. Takes a little longer. Walk before the house where we had our games. Suffering life, play, making, we discovered fire.' People like you made me so much stronger. Hearing your voice makes me question fame. Money is deaf to the sound of a lover's cry. the language of loss made me silent as a newborn child.", 'bob greene: everywhere we went just looked the same to me . he says the skys were blue and the grass was green . greene says he sees them somehow through the fallen memories when that angel baby sings .', "douglas rushkoff: when it rains, he feels her holding him . he says the angels cry for him, and he'll never be the same. Be the same . the rains are a reminder that rain isn't always a good thing . rushka: if you're in a storm, you'll be fine. Carry on with your life.", "it's a cruel (Cruel), cruel summer. Leaving me here on my own . i sit around, tries to smile, but the air is so heavy and dry. Strange voices are saying (What did they say?). i can't understand .", "bob greene: I fall to sleep in the summer rain. With a complete absence of pain . he says you might think I'm crazy. but i'm still in love with you. hide your memories, hide them all . greene says if you're in pain, you'll be able to see me, but you won't see me .", '"my rock is shining bright. Even if he ain\'t by my side. he makes sure that I glow" "now all my super ladies, I got my baby. if you got your baby, baby (Yeah). Move your body, move your body. Dance for your papi"', "the first time that i saw you. Say your name and I said mine. I fell in love. and ever since . don't go. Don't want to kiss you. I feel the strangest way because. I can't remember my own name. But I do remember yours .", "lynda sux leads 'em on a wild goose chase, now. 'Til her daddy takes the T-Bird away.' Well, you knew all along. That your dad was gettin' wise to you, now . since he took your set of keys, you've been thinking that your fun is all through .", "cnn's kat kinsman is a mannequin whose face is gleaming with pleasure . she's the master of your whipping time . her sole purpose never ends. Bleeding .", "too many times i've seen it. Rip a hole into our friendship . this is how it's been. How it always will be . i can't wait to return the favour . four words to choke upon! .", 'bloodstains come off easily. but blood comes off easily . a bloodstain on my heart was left on the ground . you left a lovestain, bloodstains on the heart and bloodstains . but the bloodstains are easily removed .', 'bob greene: i lay face upturned on palm of God. Pushed on by fingertips of dreams . he says you slept a sigh like the angels speak. and we danced into tomorrow on bleeding feet . greene says you can keep it all locked up in your leaden chest. or you can lay mouth open .', 'sally kohn: the sun inside your eyes sends me impossibly. Through seasons spilling fluid time like arteries of gold . she says between your red and golden skin most innocently. Together like two meadows one, too soon our course is run . solitary song describes our willingness to die.', "'Cept for the ring of that truncheon thing. The ice age is coming, the sun's zoomin' in. Engines stop running, the wheat is growin' thin. A nuclear error, but I have no fear. Cause London is drownin', I, live by the river. (London calling), yes, I was there, too.", 'david rothkopf: i am the one, orgasmatron, the outstretched grasping hand . he says my image is of agony, my servants rape the land, i twist the truth, I rule the world, my crown is called deceit . his bones will build my palaces, his eyes will stud my crown, for he is Mars, the god of war .', "bob greene: i'll go back to Manhattan. As if nothing ever happened . he says we don't have to speak at all. but Brooklyn holds you. and it holds my heart too . greene says he should do it today. it's just a train ride away .", "bob greene: if you knew love, like I know love. the birds don't sound the same . he says cotton candy and summer nights. string of pearls and city lights. I would throw them all away for love . greene says he has stumbled, I have wandered. And found sweet happiness .", "love is blind. It cracks its stick across our fingers. Makes us bleed It makes us sick. Let's find an island find a log. That maybe we'll call home . do you think that we can make it on our own?", "'i always wanted to die. but You kept me here alive.' I lie awake. Conducting this symphony. That You have gifted to me. but I can't ever sleep. Don't be mad. But I get weak inside. And I start to fall apart. 'Cause I feel nothing. I never wanted to be. Some kind of comic relief. Please show me who I am. I've been tortured and scorned. Since the day that I was born.", "david frum: the quiet war has begun with silent weapons . he says the word predicts the future and tells the truth about the past . frum says he's the eighth false king to the throne .", 'when the sky above is blue. Lying in the long grass, close beside her. Whispering of love and the way it leads them. Looking up from eyes of amaranthine. Knowing that their love is true. Dreams they never knew.', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to think big . this week\'s topic is "luring disco dollies to a life of vice" the film will be screened on tuesday at 8pm on channel 4 .', "I don't know what it is that makes me love you so. I only know I never want to let you go . 'cause you've started something, oh, can't you see?. that ever since we met you have had a hold on me. No matter what you do. I just want to be with you .", "mea culpa. i want to go to the end of my fantasies. I know it's forbidden.. I'm giving up.. Kyrie Eleison. Christe Eleion. I want everything. Whenever you want. Whatever you want .", "the confidence you held in us is the rope we almost hung ourselves with . I know that there were better days, but to see the light and to feel the rays . if you're willing let it go, why won't you just let this be your sun?", "i'm on the highway to hell . no stop signs, speed limit, nobody's gonna slow me down . I'm living easy, lovin' free, asking nothing, leave me be . and i’m going down. all the way .", "Mama and Dolly, I know a secret. You didn't know, I knew . I still get jealous. 'Cause it pleases you. Unless you hold me. Extra tight. I may not show it, but I do. It's more than I can bear .", 'beauty and the beast. Ever just the same. Ever a surprise. Ever as before . Tale as old as time. Song as ancient as rhyme . Beauty and the Beast. The sun will rise . a little change. Barely even friends. Than somebody bends .', 'frida ghitis: a flowery noontide and tell a tale of springtime. Someone will call, hungry to spite me . she says we took the tale so lightly. snows are so far, and lost stars lightening.', "a little louder now. I've got to shout it now. Please rush. I need. Your touch. My touch. I want. And you got it. And I'll be good. Like I should. Waiting is such. Misery, I need .", "white flash sees the sky. And she won't turn her back. and you feel. Like no one told you how . if i just share it in your heart. (heart...). Hopelessly. You're through with me. But you found out. Where you were going, where to.", "'without you, I'm not okay. and without you, i've lost my way' 'My heart's stuck in second place, ooh. Without you. Well I never thought I'd be. Lyin' here without you. It seems unreal to me .", "if you tip 'em and they make a cut. do it, take your mama out all night . you can stay up late, 'cause baby, you're a full grown man . if the music ain't good, well, it's just too bad .", "this city's like an ocean. Enjoy the metal waves. Don't you breathe anymore. You're far from the next corner?. Yell with the underdogs. Make sure they won't bite you . if you don't like the city, you'll have to fight it out .", 'no longer afraid of the dark. No killing moths or putting boiling water on the ants . no chance of escape. now self-employed. Concerned (But powerless). Calm. Fitter, happier, more productive.', 'when the world gets me down. When nothing, when nothing. Goes quite right it seems . when i was younger I saw things in black and white . now all I see is a sad, hazy gray. Sometimes I look and you show me the way .', 'cnn\'s richard quest has dreamed of a black car that shimmers and drives . the girl in the mirror who spins when she spins is the girl who could make it all clean . quest: "some people are never quite what they seem. just don\'t always do the same thing"', "bob greene: dreams are children of the heart. Created as Pain. Get undressed from their reason . he says that's why you're sent to die.. but dreams are created as Pain...", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to learn how to live or die . this week, we're gonna meet you in black, the queen of the ball . we'll fly high above the Muscovites' sky, rip the robes off my chest .", "she'd do anything to sparkle in his eyes. she would suffer, she would fight and compromise . she must rinse. This all away. She can't love him. This way . as she runs away, she fears she won't be followed .", "two months of fun. two years of pain. Add it up. I wanna live, and there's only one way . I don't wanna die anymore. I want to live it up, but I can't give it up . i'm pulling out now, uh huh. I'm on my own again .", "i fear my life's in danger now in this town . i walk right through this town again with a crowd of strangers chasing me . never stopped to look behind my back, so tell me what they said .", 'mike downey: "i\'ve been gone away. but i\'m back again...back with all my friends" he says he\'s been thinking of days. Back when we began...when we first made our first stand . he: "there\'s a way to find it. there\'s way to see it. i can\'t wait to get back in my system" downee: "it\'s like a silver cloud...lined with my wildest dreams"', "don't let me drown.... I tried to be. I can't get you out of my lonely mind. I'm suffering. How did I die? i'm dying. how did i die? you're the only one who can help me .", "bob greene: I'm in the mood for a melody. I can make you dance, sing, dance . he says if you want me to, i can write it on the door, put it on floor, do it right, wrong . greene says it's up to you. any little song that you wanna to sing. Any Song will do .", "you're just an animal developed into. You like to do it as a child on your own . a monkey needs to dance so do you . you like to dance around in the jungle with the monkeys . but you don't have to be naked to dance .", 'Instrumental', 'all the hands are out for their pound of flesh . it makes the world spin round & round . the hand is out for its bloody pound . overflowing on overkill . Sticky licky yummy yummy. Dipping in the milk & honey . You want it - you take it. You take it – you got it .', "donna brazile: if you wanna leave. I won't beg you to stay. maybe it's better that way . she says don't turn around. you're gonna see my heart breaking. I'm letting you go . he says he wishes he could scream out loud that he loves you. but he's gone, too proud to turn around . brazil: i'll make it through. and I'll even learn to", "don't call the head jock a fag. Even if it's true. Don't hold out for that one special girl. 'Cause she'll never have sex with you. (No way). These are the things I wish I knew .", 'me and my baby were out on a back road. All systems on overload . steamy windows. Zero visibility. Steamy windows, coming from the body heat . a man can wine and dine all night. With good intent .', "slowboat takes me to your home every day, knowing that you won't come home . bob greene: Oooh, sail me far away. Slowboat, bring me back another day. he says you're never home. but you hear me. And you'll always be.", "a modern way of letting go isn't learning to be lost . it's learning to know when you’re lost. if i know, what I know . i’ll want to make the most of what it seems like .", "my funny Valentine, sweet comic Valentine. You make me smile with my heart. Your looks are laughable. Unphotographable. yet you're my favorite work of art. Stay with me, Valentine, stay. Each day is Valentine's Day.", 'a look. An illusion. A smile. Another illusion. a hand outstretched. allusions are made my quest. the emptiness. The reality. The bitterness. The Hard Reality. Solitude.', "my final meal's over. they're going to set me free. I hit my knees in search of Jesus. On a cold jailhouse floor. I see the preacher's eyes. As my daughter cries. Lord, I hope she forgives me. For living' my life this way. I owe mine to this state.", 'Eh hymm a lla mmay o an. Ya-Ya-ya .... he-a Vi-Ay MOMON. A hee l-ua na in-tay. Hey light-May Hyle Hymm .', 'music seems to help the pain. Seems to motivate the brain . Doctor kindly tell your wife. That I’m alive. Flowers thrive. Realise3 . realise3.realise4 . .', "bob greene: i've been out searching for the dolphins in the sea . he says he's not the one to tell this old world how to get along . peace will come when all our hate is gone, greene says . greene asks: do you ever think of me?", 'the news has got me paranoid. Papers and the news reports. Casualties of every war. the anchor people keeping score. the weapons now are chemicals. in water and in air above. Circulating envelopes. In powder through the postal routes.', "the stage is set, now pay the price. technology, the battle's unfair . all are gone, all but one. No contest, nowhere to run. No more left, only one . this is it, this is the countdown to extinction3 .", "my return to wildlife by satellite. By beautiful moon-shining girl . we're safely back in the world. my heart's not new. I'm not like you . just outside the spotlight there's a big net waiting for .", 'michael hayden: i can never say no to anyone but you . he says too many secrets, too many lies. Writhing with hatred . but the same image haunts him, in sequence, in despair of time, he writes .', "Mickey. Oh, Mickey. You're so fine. You blow my mind . 'cause when you say you will. It always means you won't,' he says . you don't understand?. You take me by the heart . when you take him by the hand .", "there's a world out there (there's an out there) don't deny me (don't you deny you) give me one last wish (give me one final wish) i will let you know when i've had enough, had enough of you.", "there's a lot in my life I regret becoming a ghetto vet. Fool I'm a vet you can bet. That I could dance underwater and not get wet. Check it. For every nigga that done took one for the hood9 .", "mortuaries, dead of night. mortals of the dead. legions that burst through Hell's gates. death of one sacrifice. To avenge the raped corpse from the grave. Fate of a frenzied lust. Lucifer takes my dark soul. Down to the fiery pits of Hell.", "bob greene: lay down your head and I'll sing you a lullaby . he says angels guide you each step of the way, keep you safe from all harm . greene says he'll just sit for a while and sing loo-li, lai-lay .", "we're breaking up the city. No time for wasting away. so tell me, why should we stay. a prisoner of today? . no time for one another. (We're prisoners of today). there's no time to one another!", "i'm the crop to my rotation. I'm a bat and you're the moon. I’m the plow and you’re the land. . i say love's such a force - if you find yourself in it. and sometimes no reflection is there .", "sally kohn: it's your time to die. lust for fear, dehumanize, cry out stimulated . she says innocence, drop-dead suicidal. a pain that she possess. this is my redemption . kathleen: a physical fear, a psychological fear. after death, gratification.", "donna brazile: you don't have to prove to me you're beautiful to strangers . she says you've got loving eyes of my own, of mine. You belong to me . baby: tell that woman something. Tell her that i love you .", "donna brazile: it's a small world, what a tired cliché . she says you learn from them and they learn from you . keep your friends close. and your enemies in your pocket. you might melt them down . but you can't spend your whole life worrying about what's behind you, she says.", "when you're close to me. It's like that ceiling.. but trees yes, trees infinite. And when you are so close, I see the sky leaning upon us... who remain so. When I'm sick.", 'doo doo dee dah dee dee doo. Sparkling fires. Electro-darts. Of sweet devotion . "doo doodles" is a song written by a saxophonist . it\'s a love song written in the spirit of love .', "if I get you in the loop when i. Make a point to be straight with you then . in lieu of the innuendo in the end know my intent though . I Brazilian wax poetic so hypothetically. I don't wanna beat around the bush .", 'a hundred years of blood, crimson . over and over, we die one after the other . a thousand years. A hundred years . the patriots are shot . fighting for freedom on the television. Sharing the world with slaughtered pigs .', "all I have is gone. let me in and I'll take you away. tonight I'm all alone. I know the chance is gone with the day. bob greene: i cry, help me, i'm afraid. I try to hold the love with me, she's gone. he says stars are out tonight. Light the dark in a heart that is cold.", "there's a dedication to last throughout the years . celebrate good times, come on (Let's celebrate) and have a good time . bring your good times and your laughter too. we gonna celebrate and party with you .", 'Jesus lived a dark and twisted life and he. Came right back just to do it again . he dreamed he was a super nova fucker nitro-. Feed the gods a strychnine soul. A motherfucker of invention.', "i'm nothing special, in fact I'm a bit of a bore . but i have a talent, a wonderful thing . thanks for all the joy they're bringing . who can live without it? I ask in all honesty .", "can't distract me again. It's all about you. I'm lying here counting the days . i want to get out of here. but it doesn't seem to be where I am going . I woke up in tears . and I fight through the night .", "bob greene: she was here with me today. I thought I heard her say. She loved me . he says as we walked she felt her eyes. Reaching deeply into mine. and she sighed . greene says he's lost in wondering. Was it real or just a dream. Where is she?", 'bob greene: "a new star is born!" is like a song, everybody wanna sing . he says when the music\'s over, your ears ring. With a voice that says, "Queen got no King". Got no King? he\'s still your man, girl. Who\'s the guilty one when there ain\'t no judge or jury?', "the pain of a pop star you're breaking my heart . baby be brave 'cause what's the point of it all, yeah? . if you aren't terrified to fail. (confide in me, tell your story)", '"i\'m overjoyed, and in the sun. The second time this year. I\'m on a plane at 30,000 feet. the only way from here is down." "there\'s no surprise I\'ve been forced to learn. That bliss comes at a price."', 'sally kohn: we are bugs so smeared and scarred. could you stop the meat from thinking? she says put me in the motorcade. Put me in death parade. Dress me up and take me . she says angels with needles poked through our eyes. let the ugly light of the world in . we were no longer blind, she says. now we hold the "ugly head".', "it snowed in Texas but you missed (first time since '86) and I can't stop thinking how wonderful this is . and now I'll show that I know. That the sky's such a sweet blue .", '"Music from A Bachelors Den" is a horror soundtrack from a stagnant water-bed . the chorus goes like this: "Oh baby, here comes the fear again. Until the end" pretty soon you\'ll all be singing along .', 'Wipe the tears down from your eyes. Take my hand. Au revoir. Auf wiedersehen - goodbye suicide. Goodbye suicide. Beautiful to be so kind. Forever been. But never seen. You can only try so, so hard.', "cnn's aaron carroll: i sit here twisted, and it hurts me. the race ignores me . he says the pain never stops. the son is near. his way made for him. Among the hopes. ten thousand suffering . carroll says he's the hunted, for the guilt that stains his hands .", 'a lot of strange people are involved in the satanic aspects of it . if we keep it up, we\'ll show the haters. it\'s gonna be soon not later . "it\'s all on the line. Let\'s have two spotlights shining. With all our work shown"', "thinking 'bout the friends we lost. Wondering how to count the cost. Now my days are growing cold. I can hardly wait any longer. Now the feeling's growing stronger. Thinking 'about the times we had. Good times always turn into bad.", "all my life I've been fall- fall- falling apart. Been tumbling down quick, fast right from the start. Never learned just get up and go on. Until I'm just knocked right off of my feet . but it's not the fall that hurts. It's when you hit the ground. Stumbling with every step I take. And it seems I can't get a grip .", "bob greene: I wanna start over. I want a new beginning. One without an end . he says it's a voice that whispers my name, a kiss without any shame, something beautiful . greene says she's heard it in the silence. Seen it on a face. I've felt it in long hour .", "bob greene: bipedal p is a geometric form that fits inside you oh so tight . he says he snapped three chicks then pointed at a door and a girl entered in so that made it four . greene says the average age is 26.5 and he's been pi shit backwards and forwards all night .", "the microphone explodes, shattering the mold . Either drop the hits like de la O or get the fuck off the commode . Bulls on parade, uh. Come wit' it now .", 'david rothkopf: my dying love, it prays in vain to live. and pleads for help, i simply cannot give . he says my devoted love takes tiny backward. Steps away. Loneliness aplenty spread before me .', 'cnn\'s kat kinsman used to know this girl, Marie, but she never really talked to her . she asked her to stay with her and tell her where she went, where have you gone, Cherie . "your in the senses lost, you never had a chance to fly," she said .', "cnn's john sutter says life is too short.. but we have fun in the night . he says sex at the hotel makes you happy. your body is too beautiful . the morning is too far away. To go to sleep already .", 'don\'t hesitate, now we\'re standing face to face. If Heaven is the only place . tell me why, every time I feel your eyes all over me. "What do you want from me?". Are you mad enough to see. That it\'s hard to cross the line?.', "sometimes life dictates what we hate . and when the sun runs out. No doubt's left standing . insha'Allah, it'll be okay. Lord, won't you grant me new eyes .", 'the world\'s gone mad. and I swear I haven\'t changed . i have become the invisible man. I have read all your letters. I know what you contain . I will scream again. "I am perfectly sane". "I have dreamt your dreams"', "I've. Never. Felt so. Out of control. You don't even know. What you're doing to me. C'mon and do it to me . 'Cos I know you've got a habit.' 'C'mon, c'mon. Show me, little rabbit .", "sally kohn: I was lost, but now I'm found. all my troubles are turning around . she says she's tearing down walls inside. letting go of pride, making room for lie . this shell. This shell. I don't know my right from left. I've roamed this bend .", "on this day where you're so messed it's clear. Cannot explain the world you roam. Anyone who has been. As I walk with you, it chills me so. I know it is not the same, there is no blame - still I bother you.", "love can be fun. there's no need to be alone. when you find that someone . you can bet your bottom dollar in time, you're gonna be mine . I'm gonna getcha while I gotcha in sight. if it takes all night.", 'don\'t want nothing to be wrong with part-time lover . knowing it\'s wrong, but feeling so right . know the word\'s "discreet" with part time lovers . if you\'re with friends and we should meet, just pass me by .', "just stains on paper, so don't get mad, because we had our moments . when i was invited, I came, I left like a thief, I finally got scared . stains aren't the only thing that can make you feel lonely .", 'lashing out the action, returning the reaction, lunacy has found me . cannot stop the battery. Pounding out aggression, turns into obsession . battery, battery. Crushing all deceivers, mashing non-believers .', 'thanks to her, i am.. a star in the sky. An open path in bloom . i appreciate your humility.. I appreciate your kindness . the sea, the land is.. the stones, the birds are.', "there's a house across the river, but alas, i cannot swim . i'll live my life regretting that i never jumped in . gold is fleeting, fickle, gold is fun, but i don't want none .", "i'm a high night flier and a rainbow rider (ha ha ha) . i said a straight shootin' (son of a gun) to the fishes in the deep blue sea . (all the boys and girls) now. (Joy to the world)", '"i\'m a pimp by blood, not relation," yellin\' says . funk, gushy stuff, gushi, weed all over the place . "i just wanna love ya! (Hov\'), but with all this cash, you\'ll forget your man .', 'waving your hands so high, she could reach the sky . but no one cares right now, as she starts to dance . living in ages behind to find a brain again . and she starts dancing to the music, now .', "cnn's kelly wallace meets an english girl who's like the toast of her whole world . we hit the gas just in order to get away. we'll cruise the streets all night . and catch a rock and roll show .", '"i\'m the Mac and I\'m bad, give ya something that you never had," he says . "i come stompin\' with somethin\' pumpin\' to keep you jumpin\'," says he . he\'s a young lovable, huggable type of guy with a cool, smooth melody .', "i pulled you out and we were safe. but you went running back . what was it you were looking for? they said they found my high school ring . i'll never kiss your lips again. they buried you today .", "girls just want to have. That's all they really want. Some fun . some boys take a beautiful girl. And hide her away from the rest of the world . girls, they want. Wanna have. They just wanna.", "there's panic in the crowd. we can dodge debris while we trim the tree . you might hear some reindeer on your rooftop. Or Jack Frost on your windowsill . if the radiation level's okay. you better load your gun and shoot to kill .", 'Johnny Walker, you\'ve never defecated me. you\'re my best friend . Johnny, you never laugh at me . "you\'re a hell of a bitch." "you feel koeniglich"', "bob greene: if you thought you were going to walk away from this without a scratch, you were wrong . he says she died a filthy whore and the look on her face was fear . greene says she changed her neighbor's wet dream into his nightmare .", 'the bible screams announce your faith. Mutterings of death to bring . Experiments with the groans of pain. All prefer no one blames . agony profusely stains. The inner thinking of the brain. Accusations, clanking chains .', "aaron carroll: i've been ruined by the lies. I told to everybody . he says i keep my mouth shut. but it's always the same. Over and over and over again . as i watch my world collapse. don't waste your sympathy on me. because i made it all up.", "the last kiss is so long ago. The Last Kiss. he no longer remembers . a sailor, he says, kissed a woman whose lips were weak and pale . but he didn't know he was kissing a man he loved .", "I'm thinking about my doorbell. when ya gonna ring it, when you going to ring . Oh, well. women and children need kisses. not the man in my life I know . i don't need any of your pity, but you tell me you want me again .", 'bob greene is a fifty cent millionaire living on a shoestring . he\'s open to charity. Rock \'n\' roller welfare . greene: "i got myself a Cadillac. But I can\'t afford the gasoline"', "my dog needs new ears. Make his eyes see forever. Make him live like me. Again and again. Fascist baby. Utopia, utopia. I'm wired to the world. That's how I know everything .", "bob greene: you learned so many feelings, but what is there to that? he says your school told you this, your church told you that . greene says you're a tape recorder, mimicking of the bores . the scars only show when someone talks to you .", "bob greene: when i look at you. And see your angel eyes. It's like a dream come true. he says sometimes it's so hard to believe it is time to leave. but never let me go . greene says he wants to let you know that he will always be here. if it snows, he'll hold you till it goes.", 'i travelled across the sea. I wept for you. The time will come. For us again . but i do believe. In us again. that love, real love has no end. a cup overflowing now.', "cuizi: i want to see you.. in a pornographic movie. In action with your dick. Potatoes or fried. i don't even believe it in the dark, even if you keep your pajamas.. Keep your shirt down, it'll limit the bastard damage!", 'the world would test me, come unglued. Is it me or do you feel my pain? you rip the heart out of me. You make it look easy. i try everything to please you. Gone out of my way like a fool.', "when i look in your eyes. when you tell me your mine. You send a shiver runnin' up and down my spine. Could this be love. 'Cause you're the girl I've been dreamin' of now. I'm wonderin' why. I feel so good inside.", 'd.e.a.d. that’s how i wanna be. whoa, dead in Hollywood . who a dead in hollywood . and whoa in london . i want to be a savage slasher .', "'i can't get no. Satisfaction.' 'when i'm ridin' in my car. and a man comes on the radio. He's tellin' me more and more. About some useless information. Supposed to fire my imagination.'", "we're the exploited barmy army, don't fucking mess with us . e-X-P-L-O-I-T-E-D. Don't mess, with us.", "bob greene: i've been around the world. To look for love from many souls . but at the wrong time. Searching for vague elusive things . he says if only i had known. I'd walk this world alone. somebody. Somebody to lay your head on.", 'donna brazile: remember me. When I am laid. Am laid in earth. remember me, but, ah, forget my fate! she says remember me; but, forget fate; remember me . she says forget fate, but forget fate!', "you may be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage, women in a cage, a business man or a high-degree thief . but you’re still gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed .", "i've got a hit in the charts but I ain't got no heart . nothing going on, nothing going wrong . a personal trainer, a limousine and a private plane . no message to sing .", "deep down inside I know you feel the way that I do . there's a sweeter love. Take me there, take me down. You've got nothing to be guilty of . Let it out. I need your sweet, sweet love .", "all I wanted was a taste. Enough to waste a day. Just enough to make me sick . let it flow. and it takes up all my time. And it lays me back a while . i don't know where I'm going. but I'd do it all again .", 'she screamed at me, "Cover me if there is a fire. \'Cause I want you to burn first.". "Easy girl, I know it hurts.". Let\'s all give thanks that I am a liar . "now there\'s nothing wrong with you; i\'m just tired."', "'i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack. I suppose you don't know it's like that. 'I fuck around, and jump your ass like a philly blunt.' 'Cause I'm hotter than Tobasco. You little ass hoe.'", "ain't nobody got to yell that can see, but if i have to I'll shout in your ear . no time for makin' up a monster to sell . livin', time for givin'.", 'when all I want, all i want, is a state of hope, with all of my want . you turn me down, let it happen, in a flash, with your hands . summer night, and i did not hope, for something I could not have .', "cos you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight . if it should all go wrong our lives 'll come to tears' iv never been so deep into anyone else but you . to keep safe in your arms like you know that you want me to .", '"i need someone, a person to talk to. Someone who\'d care to love" "hey, kid, you\'re sick. i hope you know that this will go down on your permanent record" "they do it all the time (Yeah, yeah)"', "when fate delivers me all I'll ask it for. Is a place to rest and shelter for my soul . Oh if i could spend my days. Free from the prison of your gates. Then I could die happy man .", 'morph the cat is all the talk in shops and schoolyards . he skims the roofs. bells begin to ring . you can almost hear it sing . and you can feel it now .', "depression's got a hold on me. Depression's gonna kill me. I ain't got no friends to call my own . Depression, I gotta break free. Depression is going to kill me . I'm gonna boil over inside today. They say things are gonna get better .", "i was searching (searchin') on a one-way street. (where could she be?) I was waiting for the operator on the line . (sweet talkin' woman) I was thinking 'bout the lonely nights. Communication breakdown all around .", "i'm looking for a man that'll love me anywhere. even on a limousine floor 'cause . i guess I'm just used to sailors. I think they got more water on the brain . since i had a guy that did it real good, take it out .", "we're the settlers of year zero. Let's reconstruct and get it straight . head for a downfall. The threshold of revolution. The last freedom call . Collect the word, add some gold. And give it back .", 'bob greene: i wanna go back to dixie, the only place for li\'l ol\' me . he says he\'ll go to the Swanee, where pellagra makes you scrawny and the honeysuckle clutters up the vine . greene\'s nominated for paradise the southland, where "y\'all" and "shet-ma-mouth" land .', 'the west winds often last too long. And when they calm down. Nothing ever feels the same. Sheltered under the Kamani tree. Waiting for the passing rain. Clouds keep moving to uncover the sea. Of stars up above us chasing the day away.', "why, why so bright?. Why, why?. why, so?. i'm not sure why I'm so bright, but I've always wondered if it's because of my brightness . why?", 'my lady gives birth today. she smiles with glee, then hands her to me . ‘Cause damn that’s a ugly baby. I think her mom did too much LSD. She’s skinny like a twig. But the placenta is cuter than she .', "dude-it's true not sad. Take a thrash song and make it better . the minute you let us under your skin. Then you'll begin to be a fretter . you must pound her, I mean Kip Winger .", 'palestina has a first hand view of life. she saw the oppression, felt the rage . she made up her mind to die. she had a belt of death . bye!. my life will be short and sweet.', "he's not so good in a crowd but when he takes you home. You'd be surprised. At a party or at a ball. he doesn't say very much but at the end of the week. you'd think he was born without any brains.", 'sally kohn: nothing is ever meant to last. I want no mirror, no shadow, follies to have no echo . she says nobody has their consciences clean. Loyalty in the end will be enough. this family thicker than blood. we spread our mischief with a little glint in the eye .', 'frizzy hair is a metaphor for festival time. the goddess of that festival shrine . all i could see was how this woman she glowed so . she caterpillar so good that all the Greeks go, "Killa!"', "sea-monkeys are coming for you (better watch out), they're watching everything you do . you better run!. Monkeys wearing tiny crowns. Building up their castle too . if you're in the sea, don't worry, they'll overthrow you .", 'grian, do chro ar las. Do spiorad mo shlán. I pray a sign will help me . "my grief cannot last forever. My love will be fulfilled," he says . the wind is your voice. the rain is your tears. And spirit is my salvation .', "bob greene: i'd rather have bad times with you, than good times with someone else . he says we wasted time because he was not you. We wasted time faking. love was not impressed . greene says if you turn away from me, please prove the things I say with time .", "Jurerate. Eternal love. Longing. Whole life. At sunrise. In the orchard of the orange. It's so big. My love. It was so. First the first. Will only be bigger.", "don't fix me 'cause i'm broken. i was that way from the start . if you're not happy with me, you'll be able to forgive me and forgive me . but i won't be happy if it's not your fault .", "cnn's john sutter is buried in a coffin of dust and illegible tombstone . the girl's partner lay motionless beneath her, seemingly dead . some on-lookers gasped in horror, some swooned and fainted melodramatically .", "baby, sometimes I get so carefree. With a joy that's it hard to hide . if i get edgy, baby, I want you to know. I never mean to take it out on you, yeah . in my darkest hour, it was you who came along to guide me .", "i've been walking. Along a crooked path. Where the walls have fallen. And broken me in half . holy lady. Show me my soul. Tell me of that place. Where I must surely go . in the house of stone and light. Let me in beneath my skin.", "a beat's on repeat, beating on me. From every car in the street . don't tell nobody what, what you really want because they can tell everybody else . i wish i could complain more about the rich but then. all their children would run the streets .", "the wind in my belly must be a storm. 'Cause that's how it feels when you're standing next to me. We disappear in the first light of the morning. You go your way. I'll take my run in wait. Someone's coming to hold me. When I think it's time . Doesn't hurt anymore if it is not her. There is nothing to be noticed about it because it .", "i'm drowning in your eyes. I'm floating out to sea. Helpless on the restless tide. that flows between you and me. Lying here beside you. I try to reach you but you're so far.", 'can. Can we die to live an other day?. how could we lose sight of what matters most? trying to love what cannot love us back. all we have is not worth living for if we do not know when to let go.', '"the jukebox queen" was a teen when she led the angel pack on the road to sin . when she reached her teens, that\'s when she all get mean . "the Dive" is a show about juggling a man and a woman .', "when she swims naked that's nice. the legs open like scissors . there is no hope and no confidence . i hold her tight with wet hands. Smooth like a fish and cold like ice . she won't waste on me .", "when you're lost though you know. There are hills and trees to be climbed . when you know someone awaits your return. When you know you'll never know . 'cause some things are meant. To stay unrevealed.'", 'listen to the fascist sing. "Take hope here, you were chosen, this is God\'s land. Soon we\'ll be free of blot and mixture. Seeds planted by our forefathers\' hand".', "the ratio of girls to guys is five to one . there hasn't been a pool party like this since 1981 . -your pool rips!. I cleaned it yesterday . we've even got floaties if you can't swim .", "whoo. Somebody loves me too. I guess I always knew . honey please, can't ya see (you saved me?)?. (Can't you see you gave me?) . i'll love you till the day I die .", "bob greene: I've seen the man use the needle. Seen the needle use the man . he says they fight a war but it's fatal. they fight it but pay the pauper, he did choose . greene says he's seen myself use needle. in my hand. In my hand!", "he's half in love with Elizabeth. and he loves you . words fly through his mouth, like paper butterflies . if you pin your hopes to his back, the bubble will burst . you're the sweet scent on an envelope. A folded photo in his purse.", "all my friends are dead and gone. all my friend's are microscopic . sally kohn: you can try to suck me dry, but there's nothing left to do . she says she doesn't really miss God, but she sure misses Santa Claus .", "i cast a silver shadow from the kiss of the light . i dedicate myself, i'm gonna be the very best . since i was chosen among the rest, my shadow forever silver will remain .", '"i just want to celebrate, yeah, yeah. Another day of living, yeah" "don\'t let it all get you down, no, no." "I\'m using up the time but feeling fine, every day," he says .', 'coco me sun me me Tag me me Toka Tyoka. Coco ma say mama Thai mama Toka . coco ma say mom Thai mama toka tyoka . tey toka: "our true kingdom come. Our true Kingdom come."', "frida ghitis: Sundays will never change. They keep on coming. You'll be a freak. And I'll keep you company...15 minutes a day . she says if you can't breathe no more, signal when you'll know we're equally damaged .", "meg urry: I know I'll never be free. Change doesn't come easy. You'll live in hell with me . she says pain is my way of self expression. a fatal choice that always hangs above . her advice: be dangerous, unpredictable and make a lot of noise .", '"Give me a juggernaut heart. And a Japanese car. And someone to free" a prayer for a body buried by the interstate . the prayer is a tribute to a soldier and a tree in a forest up in flames .', 'bob greene: you will always be here with me. You will find them so willing . he says you will find us in the shadows. we hide from you . greene says he will never be able to see you again .', "i've been fucked over, left for dead, dissed and forgotten . y'all just piss on me, suckin' lips, why don't you let the late great veteran live? .", "the world is my expense. The scope of my desire. I protect it with fire . i am the Nia, the Pinta and the Santa Maria . the noose and the rapist, the fields' overseer and the priests of Hiroshima .", "let's you and me go away. To the Ice Hotel. Romantic places. Like Verona or Paris . even candlelight at dinner. Is considered too dangerously warm . we may find ourselves talking. Of what the future may hold .", "there's no doubt. There's some things that you can't do without . and that's good. Everybody wants a good thing, too . life's a bee without a buzz. it's going great 'til you get stung .", "we've hurt mother nature. Can't you see her she's crying. We've robbed and raped her and taken her child . but instead we cry. This world's so polluted. We poison our children.", "my God, so they are killers. They kill one man, or kill ten . after all, they can only hang you once . i've heard lots of people say once a man's a killer, they just keep on killing and killing .", "our veins are thin. our rivers poisoned . we want the sweet meats. We want the young blood . if you're sick or sick, we want you to eat sweet meat . you can't eat ivy, so we suck your veins .", "tequila's closet's missing half the things she bought . she'll start by kickin' out of her shoes and lose an earring in her drink . her friends will joke about the stuff she lost .", "bob greene: the apple and the fall of man are coming and gone in the chaos of millennium . he says the tyrant's voice is softer now but just for one forgiving hour . greene says he's come to you in restless sleep where all your dreams turn bittersweet .", "you'd give anything. Just to reach your door. but I won't be there . that house on the hill. You'd do anything . just to reach the door. and i will be there1 . i'll be there2 .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to think big . i'm pretty fuckin' drunk . you're a mix between an ugnaut and an experiment . it's been a while since we've talked .", "break this bittersweet spell on me. Lost in the arms of destiny . Bittersweet, I want you. Oh, how I wanted you. And I need you. How I needed you . i'm giving up the ghost of love. and a shadow is cast on devotion .", '"life is your restaurant and i\'m your maitre d\'," says aladdin . "you ain\'t never had a friend like me, ha-ha-ha!" he asks . he has a list that\'s three miles long .', 'bob greene: I\'m just another crazy guy. Playing at love was another high . he says you drifted into my life. marriages, made in Heaven. Can they survive in this life? greene says you blew out the candle. "singing to you like this is. My only way to reach you"', "Senses working overtime. Trying to tell the difference 'tween a lemon and a lime. Pain and pleasure, and the church bells softly chime . and birds might fall from black skies (Whoo-whoo). And bullies might give you black eyes (Whoa-whoa).", "cynthia schneider: we have discovered. the languid fatigue of love . she says we've turned each other inside out. the only bonding we share. Enlightened by degradation . we burn in persecution. For the punishment of possessiveness, she says .", 'the river holds the gun. I used to kill the one. Who held us apart. For so long . there’s a place. On the hill. Where you and I shall dwell. It’s by the sea. The grave I made. So we can rest in peace .', "'i'm givin' up them girls on other sides of town to justify this love that i found . we be goin' 'round and ' round and ’round. We'll reach our pot of gold somehow. just keep holdin' on .", "do you hear the conversation we talk about?. back away to the safety of a quiet house . when your eyes meet mine, we show it off . if there's something left to lose. don't let me wear out my shoes .", 'an angelface smiles to me. Under a headline of tragedy . beside the cross on your grave. And those forever burning candles . tears laid for them. Tears of love, tears of fear. Bury my dreams, dig up my sorrows.', "there's a gap in my life. that's too large to fill . a wound in my heart. That no doctor can heal. There is a ghost in my mind. Who is haunting all night . there is trust deep inside. Myself deceiving .", 'love seems to be on my mind. Seems to be all the time . spending all my quality time with the T.V. is the last thing i should do . i roam. Plus forty-four long distance call. making me wish I was not here .', 'this Christmas, consider well and bear in mind. what our good God for us has done . in sending His beloved Son. With Mary holy we should pray . "to Bethlehem, be not afraid;. for there you\'ll find, this happy morn. A princely Babe"', "everybody's got a ticket to ride. Except for me and my lightning . i think i'm gonna be dead, I think it's today . I've got tickets to ride the lightning and to ri-i-ide .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to be the best you can be . your daddy knows you're a flame . he has the troops and extra backup standing by . made the young boy hungry for the man he is today.", "one, two, three, four!17 . i'm not sick but . not well. and I'm so hot 'cause . that only stupid people are breeding. The cretins cloning and feeding. I wanna publish 'zines. And rage against machines .", "don't say it's over. cause that's the worst news i. Could hear . i swear that i will. Do my best to be here. Just the way you like it . push my feelings all aside. I will rearrange my plans and. Change for you.", "think a second time.. You'll do it.. That without my body near you. You won't grow up. You think you'd be better. Very far from me. Take my hand, my little hand. The wind here is strong.", "bob greene: i watched it all come crashing down. On the verge of a world profound . he says it's really gonna happen this time. Calls are on the company dime. Reluctance ties up the line with irresponsibility . now, you're open to attack. our burden rests on your back, he writes . greene says you only learn by not believing. That the industry is unforgiving .", 'i\'m a rapper, actor, macker. I\'m meaner than a motherfucking hyena chasing antelope . "of white America, I am tearing ya a new asshole," ira reiner says . the predator is a self-destruct device that destroyed enough rainforest to cover 300 blocks .', 'bob greene says he once read a poem. Held my breath but that moment\'s gone . greene: i need an option, a reason and some hope . he says i wish that i could be your. "evil, evil in a closet"', "we all share the pain of our histories. but the ache goes away, if you could see . want so much in this life, there's so much to be. Until we see. Don't live in forgotten times . may this always remind. you of the sea under the skies. blue looking glass .", "sally kohn: i turned you down so hastily, and it's tearing me apart . she says i wish you'd told her that before. i want you to tell me that before . kelly: I turned you. (i wish that before) i turn you down, down. down. I cry .", 'when she and Edwin fell in love she touched his face and shook her head . in disbelief she sighed and said: "in many dreams I\'ve held you near. Now at last you\'re really here" they\'d never spent a night apart. for sixty years she heard him snore. now they\'re in a hospital .', "A-He ray. PR-MAA not to us. Be-O Soo Hey. Plu vy a vay with. Neth-of Ray. Up-ree-with a mayday he. SY-FY RA NO. Mmer koul a rhay a. Mer-rro yo ho. Pr-n't nna n ya ho. M'-And Na Na. SO MUGE A NAY", "bob greene: I'm not a sailor. but i'll spend the night out on the sea . he says he'll sail til morning. Or he won't sail until I. am carried to you tonight . greene says if he can't get out of his shoes, he will be carried to the moon .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to hide your heart . this week, jarrett ponders why you\'re in such a hurry to be lonely one more night . "it keeps you runnin\', yeah, it keeps you runningnin. (I know it does, baby)', 'the summer was lovely and I enjoyed my stay . i never cared that much, yeah. I never kept in touch, yeah . most of all, what really sucks is. Everything and all of us .', "frida ghitis: when you are suffering, know that I have betrayed you . she says i am so all-American, i'd sell you suicide. i hate the hater, I'd rape the raper. I am the idiot who will not be himself . her: i wasn't born with enough middle fingers. I don't need to choose a side.", "soho nights were the nights when you'd find. Those who would seem so out of their minds. Make-believing they were stars. Dragging at criss-crossing bars . Soho boys don't keep ties for long .", "they say it takes a ring of gold. To fix the outer shell. to mine their freedom out . so hold on. (Fading out, now we're fading out). (Faging out, then we'll be fading in).", 'Tequila!. Tequila!. Tequila!1', "the pleasure is to play, makes no difference what you say . playing for the high one, dancing with the devil, it's all a game to me . you know i'm born to lose, and gambling's for fools .", 'the truth would only paralyze him. he sold most of what he cherished . the rest he let them steal. Shot his dog out in the open field . under a sea green sky. They never thought to ask him why .', "black buddafly is a bad boy like the kids on a carton of milk . he's a baaaad girl and tonight we're gonna show you how we get down . do you feel me now?. Do you tell me now. Ladies help me out .", "carved out of caring, fashioned by fate. Could suffer so hard?. But making mistakes. Is it so wrong to be human after all?. Drawn into the stream. Of undefined illusion. Those diamond dreams. They can't disguise the truth. That there is something about you. Baby so right. I couldn't be without you.", "girl, you really got me. You got me so I don't know what I'm doin', now . you got me soooo I can't sleep at night . i always want to be by your side .", '"all aboard!". "Britney! Before you go, there\'s something I want you to have.". "Oh, wait a minute, isn\'t this...?". "Well, baby, I went down and got it for ya." "I thought the old lady dropped it into the ocean in the end." "Ooh, baby. Oops, you think I\'m in love. That\'s not that innocent."', 'love will save us all, and time will heal, you promised me . i trusted you, I wanted your words. Believed in you, i needed your words . you promised another wish, another way, another dream, another day .', 'if i could see me smile again. I would be crying tears of laughter . i still reach for the stars, but all I touch is my horizon . like a disciple of a witness, i judge upon my sacred eye .', "bob greene: it's not fair. to call it a day. to just walk away. to bring me down . he says he ran away from the scene of the crime. to not explain. to leave a mess behind . greene says if he'd run away, he wouldn't have gotten away with it .", "'Cause I ain't no Hollaback Girl. 'i 'ain’t no hollaback girl. a few times i've been around that track.' 'I'm gonna fight, gonna give it my all. Gonna make you fall. gonna sock it to you,' he says .", 'the gap that grows between our lives. The gap our parents never had . stop those thoughts control your mind. Replace the things that you despise . in the beginning when we were winning. When our smiles were genuine .', "'Cause I wanna take you downtown. Show you my thing, show you your thing.' . 'cause i wanna bury ya. Touched a monolith and it caused a hysteria. You keep on pinin' for me to go dinin'. .", "bob greene: in the middle of the day. you can come around and fly . he says it's a great way to spend a day with your family and friends . greene says you'll be able to run around with you and fly with you .", "the reaper is at my door now. He's come to take me home . the candle is burning lower. At the window to my soul . i could never put into words. Darkness is all i want to see .", "'there's a place in the sun. Where there's hope for everyone.' 'before my life is done' . 'my poor restless heart gotta run.': i've been rolling since my birth . moving on, moving on. like this tired troubled earth .", "bob greene: the songs that we sung when the dark days come. are the ones that we chased away . he says he'll live on wine and water his vines. and sing on the beaches and swim through the night . greene says if he found a pot of gold. I'd buy bottles untold of the nectar of the vines .", "she's my butterfly. (She's her butterfly) She's a butterfly butterfly butterfly . butterfly is a beautiful butterfly that's come down to rescue me . if the road goes bad, she closes her eyes and dreams of her .", 'in your eyes, there was a freedom. I had never known before . in the dark of the sun. Past my days of great confusion . will I sail into the heavens. Constellations in my eyes? .', 'dean obeidallah: politicians hide themselves away. they only started the war . he says they treat people just like pawns in chess . no more war pigs have the power. Day of Judgment, God is calling.', 'the beginning of the end. The nature of that place. Sends a sweet smell around my head. Oh well. The hardest thing of all. The harboring of our lust. Hiding all the time. Hand in hand, let it low. All our days in the slow.', "sunshine, won't you be my mother. Sunshine, come and help me sing . crooked souls trying to stay up straight . shadow proves the sunshine. two scared little runaways . yeah, yeah shine on me .", "he couldn't sleep at night for fear his wife would set the house ablaze with a cigarette . his wife was in a stupor from the drugs that didn't ease the pain . he was worn out from caring for his often screaming and crying wife during the day .", "donna brazile: this is brainwash and this is a clue. Don't want to be L seven . she says the stars who fooled you. don't you want to ruin someone? she says if you're a typewriter god, a black and white king, you'll ruin someone . brazil: i'll take you down on the underground and down in the crypt .", "my daddy is sleepin' and mama ain't around. We're gonna twisty twisty. 'Til we tear the house down. Come on little miss and do the twist. Yeah you should see my little Sis.", "bob greene: everybody loves the sunshine, ooh, hey . he says it's a great way to get out of the house and enjoy the sunshine . greene says if you're in the mood for a sunny day, you'll get a lot of sun . the best way to feel the sunshine is to do what you do .", 'boys like the lips swinging in their face. Lying back and staking their own space . "i\'m not the only one with body to kill. i like to see just how you swing that thrill" "we\'re gonna kick it now and take your place," one boy says .', "bob greene: we're all souls in isolation. I can hear you breathing down the hall . he says if he had a mind to now, i could call to you. I could simply shut you out . greene says he'd like to see this giant fall, but you still can't hear it .", 'the heart bends, and summer sends a sky that refuses to die . you comе around, you come around, and you come round . weeds of the sea wrap around our knees and a hot sun too hot to go down .', "we are the League and we are mad. We hate the dogs, we hate the man. No time for love, 'cause that ain't class. If you don't fucking like it, stuff it up your arse .", "bob greene: Suck. Suck it up. let go, let go and let go . he says it's ok to let go. but he's not a good sucker . greene says he doesn't like the idea of letting go, so he tries to make it work .", "it's killing time on the streets, all hate Sunday . just look and you'll see me. I ran aground. With my broken face. And fisted cuff . i'll settle down. When you bloody me .", "a bunch of rocks on my hand and I ain't even on the block, kid . my chain hang twenty-four inches like the rims. Diamonds all blown up (Yeah), sorta like a pimp . 'i stay winning some time, you'll call it cheating.'", "i'll tell myself that life goes on without you . let's pretend that i’ve moved on . i run away, I run away. Let's . pretend that you've moved .", "cnn's richard quest remembers the dry Arizona faces and how they stayed awake all night . they flew over fences. dodged all the moving cars. and the dry az faces . quest: i remember how fast we ran .", "i'll be brand new. Brand new tomorrow. A little bit tired. But brand new . ohhhhhhhh. i just have to. Explode this body. Off me. Excuse me. but i have a brand new body.", 'the end is coming soon. Humanity has reached its doom. fire falls from the sky, the earth erupts in flames . the end of existence, we have no more time . christopher ferguson: end of life, end of mankind .', 'david rothkopf: i thought we had it all until things started to recede . he says when things were down, i help pull you through. Faithful and all, trusting and warm . but you took heart by storm, he writes. "i\'m giving my all"', "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to find the right place to park your big machine . follow all the written rules, you'll fit into the space . pull up to my bumper baby. Don't drive through it. back it up twice .", "the girls want to know why boys like us so much . they like the way that L.A.M.B. is going 'cross my shirt. They like how my pants compliments my shape . once the beat gets under your skin, the popping begins .", "to think of you is a flash to find . sally kohn: I miss the girl, and the cigarettes. and the more I try, the more that I forget . she says I'm stumbling through this hollow room for peace of mind. insomnia my friend .", "you're outta sight. You dress funny. Strapless and skintight. You keep me up at night. You make me crazy. You wear it out of spite. Ban the tube top. There's a party that we're. Not invited to.", 'the corners of my frown have slowly turned around, no more upside down . Play it cool, you can always follow. Bread crumbs in a line when you are lost . little little seeds grew into troubled trees. A sorry sorry sight between my ears .', "in these demon days, we're so cold inside. It's so hard for a good soul to survive . 'Cause Mother Earth want us all to leave. When lies become reality . you numb yourself with drugs and TV. Pick yourself up, it's a brand new day . so turn yourself 'round. Don't burn yourself, turn yourself. Turn yourself around into the sun .", 'a new moon leads me to. Woods of dreams and I follow. A new world waits for me;. My dream, my way . I know that if i have heaven. There is nothing to desire. Rain and river, a world of wonder.', "a man cut in half in this world left in his misery . he will remember the love our souls had sworn to make . when she died, he couldn't cry, the pride within his soul . believe the word, I will unlock my door. and pass the cemetery .", "don't let me fall. I feel like I felt before. But can't find my way . all those feelings went away. I may not be what you think I am . think we ought to find ourselves again .", "david frum: i'm gonna tell the world I love you, baby girl. Shout it out in the streets . he says there is love for all God's children. we all breathe in the same sun, sleep under stars at night . frum says he'll be watching you sleep. you don't have to worry if you've got my heart .", "the jury's still out. about the sad and strange account . of a lonely girl from the Brecon Beacons . it's retubution from the supernatural . when the stars are out there's nowhere to run .", 'a liquid seeps from your chest. And drains me away. Mist ripples round your thin white neck. And draws me a line. As all the days are gone. Beating. Heart still beating for the cause. Feeding. Soul still feeding from the loss. Aching. Limbs are aching from the rush. Fading .', "sally kohn: forgiveness, so I know. once I repent I seal the lid. I slither for you and I'm dying. I find trust in hate. they wear white for me. Seemingly jaded and lost. I forge myself into your dreams. And here I am your life.", "ed husain: life is lead weights, pendulum died. pure or lost, spectator or crucified . he says everyone is guilty. fucked up, don't know why, you poor little boy . we are all of walking abortions. we all love our children. there are no horizons .", "i'm a money go getta, keep money. (keep money). $50 thousand around my neck like Johnny. (like Johnny). Spent bout $450 on the shoes. My parents say I don't mean to be rude. (nah). I think I need protection. (yeah).", "sweet child o' mine smiles and takes her away to a special place . if she stared too long she'd probably break down and cry . her hair reminds me of a warm, safe place, where as a child I'd hide .", 'i\'ve got problems of my own. Not the kind that can\'t be solved. With an atom bomb . if i keep on doing this. I\'m gonna end up dead . "it\'s gonna be a long, long time coming," he says .', "boy. I won't touch you there. unless you ask me to. Touch you there . take off your clothes. I wanna capture you in digital . i wanna take pictures of you. boy. You will't age a day .", "bob greene: it feels like we're living in that split-second of a car crash . he says we could justify it all, but in our hearts we knew better . greene says we were doomed from the start; now we'll be together, as one .", 'it\'s her the girl who comes and passes, in a sweet balance on the way to the sea . ipanema golden body girl girl. Your balanced is more than a poem . "i would give my heart GLADLY. but each day when he walks to The Sea. he looks straight Ahead not at me"', "like a cat in heat, stuck in a moving car. Like a quitter . like an echo pedal, you know your wigging out cuz of your sex chromozone . harajuku girls. Damn, you've got some wicked style, go!!!", "bob greene: whoa, you got a secret. whoa you couldn't keep it. Whoa, somebody leaked it . he says you're acting like a tool, not a baller. why bother? greene says he's so sick of it, I've had enough . greene asks: who or why, you gotta go. Who or why?", "'Cause sharing you will surely kill us all !!' she swears that her heart's for you . and she messes around with your friends . 'you're nothing but a little lyin' ass bitch !. even though she knows she is not . you cannot see the bullshit ! !", "Um.... I've noticed you around. I find you very attractive. Would you...? Um.... Um... Would you go to bed with me? Um... Um... I'm not sure if you'd like to sleep with me .", '"i wanna rock with you" is our song they\'re playing . "my body\'s taken over, and I want some more," says vibe singer . the song is a homage to the late \'80s .', "some of those that work forces. Are the same that burn crosses . Those who died are justified . by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites . they justify those that died by wearing a badge .", 'I am praying for the raging flood. I am waiting for you to come1 . i am praying that you will come1 to pray for the flood . the flood is expected to rage through thursday, november 15 .', "lz granderson: did i really meet her? or was it just a sweet dream? he says she took my heart with one look in her eye. To a place that feels like home . he asks: did she really meet me? if so, why not? she's calling me to her .", '"when you kill a man, you\'re a murderer. Kill many, and you are a conqueror." "Life?! What do you mean life?! I ain\'t got a life!" . "Captive honour, no honour." a long shit list, a shorter fuse. he is untouchable.', "do you applaud fear? Do you hold it near?. Are you afraid to live your life? in my arms I'll catch you. Heaven's gonna burn your eyes. You'll see. In my dream I'm going to catch you . do you mind if I always love you?", "fell in love. With a real heartbreaker. Oh, oh. Yah, ah. You touch me. Then you untouch me, baby. You feed me your lies. Words like pie. Now, I'm all crazy. But I should be ashamed, 'cause I. Let you do me this way, and it's. Unfortunate to say that love. Never lets me use.", "wake up, it's all right. you don't have the words, that's okay. I make it worse, but I can make it better . we can chase it away. it could be all motion, running and flapping . just for a moment we are on a breeze.", "my thick tongue hangs down low to the ground. Licking up the sweat coming off of her heels. She wants my teeth to wear, she wants. My hell to bear. Well, Missy, it's a lock for load. If you wanna grind hips don't do it alone. Don't save no dance, no not for me. Just cut me out.", "howlin' wolf: why don't ya hear me cryin'? oh, smokestack lightnin'. Shinin' just like gold. oooo. Whoo-hooo, who's the matter with you?", "'sneakernight' is sneakernight . a good night's sleep isn't a problem . it's addictive, yeah, yeah . we're gonna dance all night long .", "deaf to it, blind to it. Feel the prickles running. Up and down your back . i'll be back next season with a bang . no release from the jail. No parole, no bail. Hard labor, fifty lashes .", "cnn's john sutter recalls his brother's death in a letter to his friend . he recalls the rivers that once flowed clean . the old men who ruled were like thieves, he writes .", "'you're a bully in the playground and we'll hang you out to dry,' he said . 'if we catch a criminal, there's nothing we can do. but play cops and robbers, cops . and robbing them all with a gun. . (ba-da la-doo-dio-ooh) .", "the road to love should be so easy . there's no detour ahead . the farther you travel. the harder to unravel. the web he spins around you . i'm heading back away from all this trouble .", "afraid to respect the individual, a single person within a circumstance can move one to change. to evolve10 . if you are a woman, you can be a hero . you can become a savior, he says. he's the one who can change you .", "Until my death, my goal's to stay alive. Survival of the fit, only the strong survive . (Thug life, we still livin' it). . i live a world where squads hit the block hard .", "in the dead of the night you seem closer to me. the next day I wake up and know how unreal it is. inside under pillows with marvels and wonders. Sedating my will to exist in the open. I don't move but I keep on moving.", "'Cause a little somethin'-somethingin' didn't go your way (yeah), we don't give a fuck, if you're evadin' the space . 'I got control, full of candy in your soul while. Pumpin' up the sweetness, this is what you need' .", "boy walkin' the spot, he's so fresh, and (Uh-huh) she's blowin' your mind with her asset . baby, I can see us kissin' like that (Like that) . they don't need no more that he said she said .", "working 9 to 5, what a way to make a living. want to move ahead but the boss won't seem to let me . you're just a step on the boss man's ladder. but you got dreams he'll never take away . there's a better life no matter what they call it .", 'just one fix ("just one fix"), "one fix (one fix, one fix), one fix . "monkey never dies". "-monkey starts driving a train. Trying to take in another station" "Just one fix" is a simple fix, but it\'s a great fix, if you can\'t find a destination . if u.s. doesn\'t have a fix, we\'re going to die .', 'i know a time for spring. A time for fall. but best of all, i love you . i hold hands together. hummingbirds and butterflies. tender words that harmonize with love . as time goes drifting by. The willow bends and so do i.', 'he\'s been gone (Gone) since 3:30 (3:30); been coming home lately . "i\'m on flame, don\'t come home, babe," he says . he ain\'t gon\' stop until he sees police lights (uh-huh)', "if we all come together, we know what to do . we come together just to sing we love you . drinking, gambling, stealing, lots of sex-appealing . 'i'm king of the world. yeah baby, you can sail my ship'", "let the rain fall down. Everywhere around you. Give into it now. Let the day surround you. You don't need a reason. Let it all go on and on. A wild child. Only take the time. From the helter skelter. Everything's in kilter.", "to get there early is on time. and showing up on time is late . we've been run down every hill. Chased up all the dead-end streets . but if you try to cut us out. you'll get a kick in the teeth .", 'john avlon: i pledge allegiance to the flag. And to the republic for which it stands (people) he says he gives sight to the blind, his insight through the mind . he asks: can you guys hear us? if so, let us be heard. if not, mosh for the future of our next generation.', '"i just want your kiss boy (Kiss boy, kiss boy)" paranoia fills me with dread . "i\'m not in love. I just wanna be touched," he asks . he\'s telling me he likes the girl that he loves most .', "aaron carroll: we may look the same, but we are very far apart . he says you can send us into fire; you can try but you'll never understand . we crawl. You can not stop us all. Our blood. Will stay. We will never go away . carroll says if you're a naivety, you've set something in motion .", "in a room darkened. Like a calming plain. Draped longingly. Cleansing the body. The thoughts were focused. Necessitating sessions. Prepares herself. In a sea of wraps. An evening's conversation.", 'faithful to the end. I\'d like to be her very best friend. he worked with her, she was his lady\'s best friend . "it\'s hard when your lady don\'t believe what you say. it\'s the nature that is given to men," he says .', "I said I got a jonz in my bonz. I said this feeling that I got won't leave me 'lone (Yeah, yeah, alone) I said it goes on and on. On, on, on. Baby, shoo-be-doo, hey, baby. Oh, oh, no, no. Oh-woah. Hey hey. Hey-hey. Oh hey .", 'she watched the sky as it bathed into black. Watched with the lovers that never came back . through the morgue where the mirrors have crashed. she slides through a dream with all her beautiful schemes and more .', "mystery repeats 4x as the newborn start to breathe. As the widow starts to grieve. Mystery Repeats 8x . i would tell him how proud i'll be. Go ahead make history . as i look in my eyes. And i see my own surprise. Wondering what path lies before me .", "bob greene: when you look up at the sky. all you see are zeros and ones . he says all the while his finger's resting gently on the masterfade, he can't remember which way the east wind blows . the zeros make a smiley face when they come floating down from the heavens, greene says .", 'just one time you got a reason. Heard you had nothing to lose. A blind preacher for the pin-eyed congregation . you can tell the same lie a thousand times. but it never gets anymore true .', 'the irony covers the crime. Reenact trauma. A safe pattern to fuse . Preteens giving head in the back room. A family built on abuse . no one gets out alive. Ninety-nine hopeless fucking useless empty ways to die .', 'when night falls. she cloaks the world. In impenetrable darkness. A chill rises. From the soil. And contaminates the air. Suddenly life has new meaning. meaning15 . meaning16 .', "'Cause we are the flood. We are the flooding.' . 'our mighty fleet. Must float again.' Don't give up. And don't . give in. Our time will come. .", "bob greene: I keep my eyes open. I worry for nothing . he says the harder that I try, the harder I push you away . greene admits that he's scared. so he keeps one eye open .", "donna brazile: my sickness slips inside you. Drowning in my poison. now we'll be together . she says my low self-esteem can make me scream. don't let me drown. My fears. Don't make a sound. My tears. Fill the void inside me so you see.", "i'm a sonic reducer, ain't no loser . people out on the streets. They don't know who i am . i got my dull machine. Got my electronic dream .", "changin' years add to your confusion (the time, you know, I told the truth) there is somethin' about you. Baby so right. I couldn't be without you. Tonight. It's what makes the world go round and. It makes the sparrows sing and. I don't wanna be without your love.", "no teacher to follow. no prophet to tell me how . but if you don't know what you're missing, follow your wishing heart . if it doesn't brush my shoulder, it doesn’t beat my heart - that's not what i want .", "bottle up and go, if you're gonna hide, it's up to you . I can make it outside. I'll get through . becoming you. Becoming you1 . i'm tired of waiting for you. You never show .", 'bob greene: I saw them run. Run to the sea. Under the waves. their voices are free. free from the sun stare. Free from the noise. Of lost souls. he says their voice carries life.', "it's a wonderful night. You gotta take it from me. (Come on and break it on down) We live the masterful life that's mythical . we give a fuck about who you are tomorrow .", 'a few words turn into sex . "i can make ya happy. if you give me that chance to be your man," he says . he also burns every track in "Brain" .', "if ever you awake and find your inner light is gray, may I suggest a simple remedy to make your day? open up your windows and then open wide your eyes. Let your vision feast upon the golden yellow sunrise . let a warm summer's night romance you. Let a winter's snow fall entrance you.", "when i first met you. you were livin' in your Dae Woo. You were illin' on voo doo . yeah, you were tryin' to hex me. all tellin' me i'm sexy . listen to your body tonight. It's gonna treat you right.", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to try your hand at making up fall out . here are some tips to help you get through the night . don't be afraid to try something new and try something different . do you know a hero? nominations are open for 2013 cctv .", "callin' me home, hickory wind, makes me feel better each time you begin . it's a hard way to find out that trouble is real in a faraway city . keeps calling me home .", 'pontius pilate washin\' his hands on trial before the gods on Judgement Day . laying down of arms is like cancer to their bones . "we are storming the heavens. (Elysian fields) To raise the swords and shields .', 'deceased in mind, decree of death. blackened heart baptized in fire . exertion, now need to blitz. Vicious ways brought up in Hell. Draw the line, life or death. Potent thrust, excessive pain. Massive dose, adrenaline. Minor threat cannot decline.', "fall back young, ever since the label changed over. To platinum the game's been wrap, One! . i'm looking, so crazy in love's. Got me looking, got me looking so crazy right now (love's). Got me hoping you'll page me right now, your kiss (hey!).", 'aiight bet: "when it comes to saying, "i love you, i won\'t st-stuttter" "when you need somebody to love you," i\'ll tell you "you\'ve got that vibe" "she\'s got the vibe. she\'s the vibe," says ayo .', 'little girl: I\'d rather see you dead. Than to be with another man . you better keep your head, little girl. or you won\'t know where I am . she says you better run for your life if you can . "i\'m a wicked guy. and i was born with a jealous mind," she says .', "she'll be passing my way sometime again . i raise my hand and touch the wheel of change . back upon the mended road i pause. Taking time to check the dial. And the Lilywhite. I never knew her name .", "black is back, all in, we're gonna win. Here we go again. Turn it up! Bring the noise!. Never badder than bad cause the brother is madder than mad . 'soul control, beat is the father of your rock'n'roll,' he says .", "what's running through my mind is you up in my face . when you're with me, oh boy, it's my heartbeat that I hear . in your arms, i finally breathe. Wrap me up in all your love .", "my face you will not see. I'll rip your flesh 'till there's no breath. Dismembered destiny. As soon as life has left your corpse. i'll make you part of me. No emotion. Death is all I see.", "there is no need to wait. they're signing up new seamen fast. Maybe you are too young. To join up today. . if you like adventure. Don't wait to enter. The recruiting office fast. don't hesitate.", "'cos all of the time, not that I doubt ya honey. and I'd never let him next to me. he's the type that always looks the part. . 'he didn't mean to catch my eye.' 'if he ever met, a girl like me, are you kidding?. well, i'd tell him that i would rather die.'", "there's a brave new girl, and she's coming out tonight . she wants a good time, no need to rewind . her M.O.'s changed. She doesn't wanna behave .", "I believe this shit is destined for me . niggas ain't with the gimmicks. I just think it's time to educate you . the smackdown game is heavy, prepared to press your buttons . fronto burning like an incense .", "step one: Bend your knees and then jump into the air. step two: Let gravity bring you back down. step three: Repeat. Ready go. It's time to start. Rock concert movement number four: The behind the head leg stretch.", 'a full moon rides the pitch black sky. "Now, hounds of hvitekrist. Your time has come to die!". "Kneel before my sword!. No mercy! Your time is coming to die!. This is the ride for vengeance!"', "'cause in my sleep I still clench my teeth. i'm at my strongest only when I'm weak. y'know i can love you til you're almost through'", 'in space, the stars are no nearer. Just glitters like a morgue . in a world so white, what else could i say? i wish you were queen, just for today . i dreamed i was a spaceman .', "black mirror knows no reflection, knows not pride or vanity . curse is never broken . black mirror, on the wall, show me where they bombs will fall . if you see a mirror, you can't watch your own image . and also look yourself in the eye.", 'magic people, Voodoo people!. what you don\'t dare do, people . Voodeo!1 is a free, no-cost, non-profit organization dedicated to helping children . christopher ferguson: "the most important thing that a child can do is to be a good person"', "bob greene: I confess to being a fool. Bled your heart. And did you cruel . he says love is cold when it's old. You can hold on too long . greene says he'll leave you with your eyes closed, head turned from the door .", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges you to be a better mom . this week's boot camp kicks off at 9 p.m. et on july 14 .", 'the air my lungs first loved. Carves craters from my eyes . they said "breathe deeply, son. Or be the next to die" under this killing moon. Under this burning sky. The fire\'s shining groom.', "bob greene: brother, where do you intend to go tonight? he says no one gets worried, no. but don't get careless. he's sure it'll be fine. in the quivering forest. Where the shivering dog rests . greene says a yellow moon glowed bright. Till the morning light. Terrible am I?", "oh, baby, please open your heart. or lack of love will tear us apart . i've got something on my mind. You are truly one of a kind . let’s not split up in two. Let’s help each other through .", "donna brazile: my, but you slay me. in my rainy gazebo tree. Deep in my silver pit. the walls are all thick with it. she says don't you know Jesus died?. I'm better off inside. Strip and you lose your hide.", "'i revel in this nightmare. but I keep waking up too soon.... 'Cause over and over again. I fear it's true. And over and again. Am I still haunted. Haunted by the thought of you.", "don't you know it's true what they say. Things happen for a reason . when the world seems to get too tough, bring it all back to you . dream of falling in love. anything you've been thinking of .", "bob greene: on lonely nights, I start to fade. her love's a thousand miles away . he says her love is all that i can see; her love all that I can see . greene says if spring can take the snow away, can it melt away all our mistakes? he asks: will I ever love again?", "a fallen soldier, now his war's over, don't matter which side is wrong or right . he's ready to ride till he dies and i'm a soldier. Until the day they take my life . this is a live nigga PSA from the one and only ghetto bullhorn .", "all the faces on the photographs have changed. to not confuse it all, the names remain the same . should you try to realign some day? i'm peering through the holes. Been digging through the dirt .", 'when i said goodbye to you. 10 summers ago. it feels like yesterday. Lost, scared and alone. Nothing I could give to you . and I want, I need. Somehow to believe. In the choice I made. Am I better off this way?.', "what don't kill you, make you more strong . through black days, through black nights. Through pitch black insides . Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming. Show your scars. Spilling your blood in the hot sun's glory .", "bob greene: what about the forests? he says no. Guess again . greene says the answer is no. he doesn't know if he's a forester or a forestry professional .", "bob greene: we come the wrong way. We come the long way. we play the songs much too loud . he says he's a fan of pop, yeah, yeah. and he likes it . greene says it's like a jukebox, but he doesn't know what it is .", "bob greene: why did i come here?. please tell me again. why did you ask me? he says he longs for a land where. no man was ever known. with no neurosis. and no psychosis . greene says i'll pick up the pieces. And carry on somehow. Tape the broken parts together.", "cnn's kat kinsman was a valet of honour and thief . she became someone ruined and wrecked . but why do i smile baby, you of all people should know. the one that you loved .", "bob greene: if i could change anything, i would change everything . he says you carry your blues behind your eyes. don't flatter yourself, she'll never fly . since you're gone, he's much better than you, greene says .", 'cnn\'s john sutter looks at modern art in the pompidou, in paris . he sees a piece by matisse, takes three steps back, takes a long run up . "it touches me deep inside. I just can\'t help myself," he says .', "david rothkopf: i have traveled past your window many times. I find your face too hard to define . he says you plagued my mind. I can never go outside. I will never go back to being blind . you are reformed, reborn, and forgiven. and you've missed me. I plagued your mind.", "i've been living next door to Alice for twenty-four years . I've just waitin' for a chance. To tell her how i feel . and maybe get a second glance . but i just don't want to know .", 'white whale. Holy grail. Split your lungs with blood and thunder. when you see the white whale, break your backs and crack your oars, men. If you wish to prevail, this ivory leg is what propels me .', "one family lost a star. That's why i sit at home alone. I watch t.v. I can watch forever. I could watch for hours. It just gets better. I'm the lucky one. Always having fun.", "chka-chka, slim shady, is a rapper who grew up deprived of drugs . since age 12, he's been pissed off and ripped her clothes like the Incredible Hulk . he spits when he talks, fucks anything that walks .", "la la la once had this urge to go sailing. Leaving the shore in a boat of wood. Sailing, sailing on, all alone . i will cast anchor a place where it's calm. And stay for a while. And I'll sit back and wonder. How things are down under and smile .", "looking' better than a body has a right to. And shaking' me up so. That all I really know . Is here you come again. And here I go. And there I go . and here i go.", 'inside the hurricane her mind gets blown . she lays among the flowers. And spreads among the sheets. and turns them into sheep . "it\'s like a hurricane inside her," she says . a doctor says she\'s able to heal her kind of wound .', "bob greene: it's just me against the world. I got nothin' to lose . greene says he's stuck in the game. he wants to make a difference in the world . but he says the power is in the people and politics we address. if you're insane, it makes a brother change .", "donna brazile: the look of love is in your eyes. A look, your smile can't disguise . she says i can hardly wait to hold you. feel my arms around you. How long i have waited. Waited just to love you. don't ever go.", "you hate me cause I love you. just tell me why I'm so low to you. your happiness is my sorrow. my sorrow is my way. My life is a failure. Growing bigger everyday. Here we are. You and I. In the sun we're gone.", "a holiday in Cambodia. Where you'll kiss ass or crack . Pol Pot!17: a trip to the slums of cambodgia . the holiday is a chance to see the niggers, suck like a leech . pack a wife and a bag of rice .", 'the worst time to hit you with your first line, no . everything seemed fine, when I hold you like you’re one-of-a-kind . Play it back, it’s going over and over. Give it up and pull me through .', "on a plane, i can see the tiny lights below. and oh, my God, they look so alone. i don't really feel anything. where do you move when what you're moving from. Is yourself?", "donna brazile: I do not want this. I don't want this . she says I want to fuck everyone in the world. I want do something that matters . if i could just reach you maybe I could leave this place, she says . but she says she doesn't have a choice .", 'write it, paste it, save it. rewrite it. charge it, point it, zoom it, press it . fax – rename it. touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it. turn it, leave it, start – format it. Buy it, use it, break it, fix it. Trash it, change it, mail – upgrade it.', "i've dreamed of this a thousand times before. in my dreams i couldn't love you more. I will give you my heart. Until the end of time. 'cause all i need is you, my Valentine.'", '"i got this heavy debt, I\'ve got nothing left. but this daunting weight slung \'round my neck" "i\'m always trying to get the details right. I remember when you told me you felt saved" "are we finally getting to something new?"', "it took a man from Stepford and a tape recorder to scold her . he got his ego broken, so crestfallen . you made a start, you made us laugh. Stop it. you're a grown man baby .", "'S aoibhneas i gach áit gan gruaim. shilaim ó na laetha beo. An ghrian 's an ghealach ar mo chl. Nil uaim ach smaointe ó mo shaoil.", "'if i was a rich man. da da dada' is floating on air when i'm daydreaming . 'my heavy, my brother get lighter than helium. Float above the world to break the tedium' 'i love my neighbor, i don't wait for the olympics'", "Gonna be a liar?. Lie to me, a woman who lied to her for a while . lisa mccartney: 'it's a good thing i'm not going to lie to you'", "leave a message and I'll call you back . it's all your fault. I screen my phone calls. No matter who calls . i'm walking into spiderwebs. leave an e-mail and you'll be able to call me .", 'the little got more and more. I just keep tryna get a little better . he\'s been knocking, he won\'t leave me alone . "i should\'ve known better, said I wish I never met her"', 'be careful of the blob, it creeps. and leaps and glides and slides . Across the floor. Right through the door. And all around the wall . A splotch, a blotch. Be careful of it.', "i'm 5st 2 and eat too much to die and not enough to stay alive . a week later all my flesh disappears. Stretch taut, cling-film on bone. i wanna be so skinny that I rot from view . my vision's getting blurred. but I can see my ribs and I feel fine .", 'do you remember?. The laughter and the joy . Do you remember the exact time we went dry on gasoline . do you recall?. Against the rest of the world. Guardian angel left us bleeding . he left us screaming, he screamed .', 'a deep breath. Before the plunge. One million voices. Dispelling. A thousand faces. Disarming. Running through the darkness. Covered in blood-sucking flies. The touch is cold. I tore a path screaming through wind and blood.', "don't give a fuck about this. My life or any other. I'm in control. Living a lie. Make you pay at all cost for this. Love sick. Bullshit. Bring it. Decisions making themselves. i've had enough. Duality. Existence. Lay down. Sell out. So wrong. I stand, cold, cruel and lost.", "bob greene: we never seem to find peace of mind. we're always on the run away from the sun . he says we've only just begun. you say our job is done, the battle is won. but we haven't . greene says we can't find peace. we have to find a way to make it work .", "total eclipse of the moon. don't be childish or cruel. believe and come back to you, may see you soon . many nights in our lives before. Dreaming to be just beside... beside you . i'll see you shortly. time doesn't say hello.", "this is the year that i come in and just devastate . my rhymes are harder than last night's erection . if you front I'll put my foot up in your freaking chest .", 'this is not a coincidence. And far more than a lucky chance . but what is that was always meant. Is our ribbon in the sky for our love, love . from now on it will be you and I .', "'i feel the heat comin' off of the blacktop. I wouldn't put my money on the other guy.' 'If it's a fight, I'm ready to go' . 'Cause one of us is goin'. One of us are going dow'. . down9: 'when my fist hits your face and your face hits the floor.'", "born on a Monday, such a very good day, he's been up for days. In a thick malaise . now Vince got a big crush on the girl from Redrush . he took her out for tacos, said she liked burritos .", "sleep save my child. Trains leave and come. Sad dreams ain't long. and they dream tonight. once they all wanted the war. Now we sleep tonight. Worn out and dreaming no more. And they dream night.", "let your spirit free girl (x4). Push in (pull out) (x8). Let's get her off. 1-2-3. Turn the lights up. Turn them up. 1-3-3. Pull out (poull out).", 'one last good-bye may last the rest of your life . one way trip can work both ways; loose ends kept untied make better friends . can you say full ride?. (I still see you around) .', "music sweet, i can't resist. we need a party song. A fundamental jam . we go rum-bum bum. oh, Lord. (Me lalala, lumbumbum). See people rocking. Hear people chanting .", 'michael hayden: behind the leafs i can see your face. filled with pain . he says the wings of yours are of no use. your hands are reached out for no good . can anyone hear you? he asks .', "i feel just like you. and i cry just like your. but i heal just like . you gave your love and your innocence. and they took away your confidence . 'when i get hurt. I cry for help. And i've got secrets. That god only knows .", "when future is present. And past is gone. Now is shallow. Nothing is big. So that I can't see. When future is now. and past is past. nothing is shadow or fog or nothing. Will I see even if the days are getting shorter?", "the night they drove old Dixie down. And all the bells were ringin' . a yankee laid Virgil Caine in his grave . like my father before me, i'm a working man .", "Carolyna you travel so far. Trying to escape the pain, start again where you are . she's seen too much at seventeen. The past will fade with the future that she craves . the streets are cold. Big, bad city gonna eat you up. Still feeling low .", 'a dream that dreamed. Do not tell everything you found . a window and a flower. A source of water and my friend. And there was nothing else .... Only we, the light, and nothing .... There lived love.', "in between we insidious vapors shalt teem. And it seems like i'm dead inside. a bloated corpse propped out of tradition . as a youth, was it just to exist autonomously?. no, we just wanna fuck, swallow pills, and forget our curses.", "poppies for young men, death's bitter trade. all of those young lives betrayed . the children of England. Would never be slaves. They're trapped on the wire . history's lessons drowned in red wine .", "don't turn your head. Back over your shoulder. and only stop to rest yourself . bob greene: if i had stopped to listen once or twice, i'd not be on this road tonight . greene says never mind feeling sorry for yourself. it doesn't save you from trouble .", "from 3 point range with a Glock, i shoot better than Kobe . like me, dude, you not like me. I'm like a pimp than a trick . when the gossipin' start, I tell you what you like more, my watch or me?", "a fine little girl, she waits for me . three nights and days I sailed the sea . on the ship, I dream she there. I smell the rose in her hair . i tell her i'll never leave again .", 'stoned is the way of the walk. it\'s the alley cat puffin\' on a hootie rat . "i\'m like the funky beat, so why ya tryin\' ta fight me?" he asks . he hits them ass like the buddha that\'s stinky .', 'a man on the radio said he doesn\'t believe in anything that he can\'t see . he disagreed with what he had to say . "it was like I was seeing it for the first time. It literally changed my life"', "cnn's john sutter is sick of being treated like a goddamn stepchild . he says he's sick of niggas retaliating by fucking punks . the nigga he hates is ice cube the bitch-killer, cap-peeler .", "we stop the fight right now, we got to be what we feel . we take the pressure and we throw away . this is a life of illusion, wrapped up in trouble - what're we doin' here?", "bob greene: i want a new drug. one that won't make me sick or make me feel three feet thick . he says i feel when I'm with you. when i'm alone with you . greene says he wants a drug that doesn't hurt his head, make his mouth dry or make his eyes red .", 'bob greene says he\'s reaching for the rock of ages in an avalanche . he says the rock weighs a thousand pounds, and it drags him down . greene: "o, my Rock of Ages I have gone astray"', 'yo, this song is for all the women out there. that have been lied to by their men . "what is this I see? You don\'t come home to me (No! Oh no! ), you keep tellin\' me lies, but to your surprise" "i hate you so much right now!. I hate you!. you\'re so raunchy, so vulgar; not me, why the hell her?"', "my girl takes her drinks. With dust and rusty razor blades . when she chokes me in the. Backseat of her riverboat, cause. She's my man. And she kills my self-control . she'll never be your woman no more .", "regret has gone down in my estimation now. The more days come, the more it's true . right now i've got to get back home. In from the sad day out. Missing you forever . yes, I shout, yes I, yes i am. I'm going down the lakeshore drive. I think I see your face .", "bob greene: I can feel you. Slippin' through my hands. And I can't stop it . he says it's in my leaving. that the sames begin to tear. but we made it once . greene says you're my constant. You're consistancy. Everyone's changing .", "in my solitude you haunt me. with reveries of days gone by . i sit in my chair. Filled with despair. Nobody could be so sad . with gloom ev'rywhere. I sit and I stare. I know that I'll soon go mad .", "we've seen the sunrise with new eyes. We've watched the damage of gossip and true lies . and had passionate make outs. And passionate freak outs . when you told me you loved me. and that i wasn't alone . we danced in the moonlight at midnight. Fell in love on the phone .", "just another lonely broken hero. Picking up the pieces of my mind . running out of faith and hope and reason . underneath my masquerade. A simple man who's still afraid . fighting for my sanity. Many nights of tragedy. Got to leave my wretched ways behind .", "there are places I don't remember. there are times and dates, they mean nothing to me . i've been looking through some of those old pictures. Those faces, they're no more . when times are hard I'll only pick them out, wish I was going back .", 'I like blue. I like red. I do like pink. Boy, teeth. Arm, sky. i kiss you loud. I kiss you soft. My kisses will. Surround you baby. Joy, no one. Can take away .', "everybody's drivin' with full headlights. Black or white ya' turn it on . everybody’s sittin' 'round watching television!. London's burnin'!", "on the day I was born, the rain came down. and there was trouble brewing in my home town . on the seventh day, I felt like Satan's son . 'being bad ain't so bad. I've known more pretty women than most men had .", 'Feeling tired. By the fire. The long day is over. The wind is gone. Asleep at dawn. The embers burn on. With no reprise. The sun will rise . the sun will come out .', "bob greene: all lovers make. Make the same mistakes. As me and you . he says if you love someone, don't think twice. love her anyway, love her everyday . greene says people take my advice. love someone. Don't make them blue .", "GU Niang's, is Ye Zai wo. De xin ali lio of aso. Rang wo de ge sheng sui and wei feng. Chui Kai le is de Chuang Lian.", 'no one loved you like me ever. i know I made life, the real one.. but the real life in my opinion is.... Other places where the sirиnes live. Elsewhere where the current moves us.', 'we want to build a better life for our people.... Independent.... We want peace.... We have a lot of work to do.... independent.... we want peace... We want to make our people more independent.... Independent... We have lots of work.... Independent..... We have many things to do.....', "'i've been cutting moons. my hands hurt. 'Cause I cut them from you.' so someone snuck into your room. and it got back to me. now, i lie here in my room. And there is nothing i can do. but cut and think about you.", "puzzles are tricking me. I lend it out to borrow. Am I to find. My baby's cries. Laughing on our bed. Pretending us newly wed. Especially when. Our angel unleashed that head.", "lz granderson: it's obvious you hate me, though I've done nothing wrong . he says you should hate me. you're punching and kicking, and you are shouting at me . it takes a while to travel, from your head to your fist, he writes . granderson says we're different colors, and different creeds .", '"with Thee I reunite. With blood we make this covenant," he says . he asks: "Where art Thou?. Oh, lacerate ones!. Arise! my sweetest friend. Or be forever fallen." \'Tis our last fall.\'', "don't be a little bitch with your chit chat. just show me where your dick's at . stop ta-ta talking that blah. think you'll be getting this? (Holla! ).", 'an emcee to a degree that you can\'t get in college . he\'s dropping the new science and kicking the new k-nowledge . the newest in new, "Right up to your face and diss you"', "donna brazile: I've been down far as can be. up until then my voice, it was caught up . she says you'll find out i am nothing I might seem. It's not opened so easily . brazil: i've drowned. you will know me. your face will light up from the glory that it's found.", "baby boy, you stay on my mind. Fulfill my fantasies (See you in my dreams); yuh done know di love is real . picture us dancin' real close, in a dark, dark corner of a basement party . i'm stepping up hotter this year (Hotter, hotter under ya). i know you gon' like it .", "'smo run-sa nam bard. Seid seimh, socair, o Ghaoth Tuath. Gus an cuir i Cluaidh as fair. Buidhe nuair ni fas an t-earn.'", 'staacy\'s mom has got it goin\' on. she\'s all I want and I\'ve waited for so long . since your dad walked out, your mom could use a guy like me . i know it might be wrong, but, i\'m in love with her . "stacy, can\'t you see? You\'re just not the girl for me"', 'baby: "when you smile at me I see. A true world go up" "i pledge allegiance to the heavens above" "just like Juliette belonged to Romeo" "you can stay prepared that i won\'t be letting you go," baby says .', 'cnn\'s john sutter dedicates a jam to places with racist faces . he\'s got a lot on his mind: "this is a journey, through sound" "the way i wear got \'em going in fear. X on the flex, hit me now"', 'fuck all y\'all! \'cause you\'re getting fucked out your green. With no vaseline . \'Cause you can\'t be the Nigga 4 Life crew. With a midget who\'s a punk, too . "now let\'s play the Silence of the Lambs."', "kings and queens won't even dream of peace . if i could let these thoughts drown, someday she might lose her crown . in time these chains that hold me down would set me free . no more screams or shouts. you're quiet as a mouse .", "'i'm not, not sure. Not too sure how it feels. To handle every day. Like the one that just passed. In the crowds of all the people. Remember today. I've no respect for you. And I miss you, love. I love the way you love. But I hate the way I'm supposed to love you back. And it's just a fad part of the teen, teenage angst brigade, and. I hate, not too sure, how", 'the vortex of pain. Written in torment. Like the horns of Jericho. Distorted faces writhing in rage. Endless death, the jewels of a crown. The vortex.', "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to give up on greed and the ones . do you give up? share your thoughts in the comments below or send a message to johnny mccartney .", "we're the pirates who don't do anything. we just stay at home and lie around . if you ask us to do anything, we'll just tell you we've never done anything . and i never swabbed the poop deck. and I never veered to starboard .", "love is meant to be forever, now or never seems to discard . there's gotta be a better way for me to say. what's on my heart without leaving scars . with a broken heart, your walls can only go down but so low .", "bob greene: i'm trying to find out just how boring I am. and have a good time . he says ever since i tried. Trying not to find. Every little meaning in my life . greene says he's over the analyzing tonight. Stop trying to figure it out .", 'we are our past failing to come back . visionaries with a rope around our neck. for all is dying, even the dead . "Bury me in a nameless grave. I came from God the world to save," she says .', "bob greene: I've been going down into the river, baby. Listen to the sound . he says the current has us now, it's ok. no one's been there. I know all have been there . greene says he doesn't care if he's going down in the river .", '"life isn\'t for you and we\'re the cure. Honesty is my only excuse" "living on your knees, conformity. Or dying on your feet for honesty" "blood will follow blood. Dying time is here," says director of "damage incorporated"', "bob greene: in this world of news, i've found nothing new. Maybe I'm just idealistic . he says that love could be a verb. maybe he's just a little misinformed . the dead moon rises and the freeways sigh. let the trains watch over the tides, mist . greene says my world resting on your love. Let the wars begin, let my strength wear thin .", "sister of night. When hunger descends. And your body's a fire. When longing returns. Calling you through flesh that burns. Sweet sister, just feel me. I'm trembling, you heal me. Hey sister, I feel it too.", "bob greene: it's been around for a thousand years, and it'll be here for plenty more . he says it is the face hidden in disgrace, the face of pain, the bringer of the bittersweet . greene says he found a better way. to break the walls. fed all the lies and desensitized .", "david frum: i'm gonna tell the world I love you, baby girl. Shout it out in the streets . he says there is love for all God's children. we all breathe in the same sun, sleep under stars at night . frum says he'll be watching you sleep. you don't have to worry if you've got my heart .", "maya angelou: keep my old dreams. Can manage them as you want. Keep the world in your power. May I keep this?. I don't need anything anymore. I'll give you my mind for it. I know you take everything. What you want to see yourself. but. this stays here.", 'widows, an antique replacement. a briefcase filled with mace . Wishing wells, missing clientele. Widows six legged lost and found . this running of the bulls. Will take over the life support system .', 'i wanna kill and rape you the way you raped me . and i’ll pull the trigger, and you’re down, down . all my friends are gone, they died . they all screamed and cried. Gonna take you down!', "satellite headlines read. Someone's secrets you've seen. Eyes and ears have been . satellite in my yard. Tell me more, tell me more. Rest high above the clouds no restriction. Television we bounce round the world .", "someday I'll wish upon a star. And wake up where the clouds are far behind me . bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why, then, oh why can't I?.", "cnn's kat kinsman fell in love with a Mexican girl, but in vain . she challenged a wild young cowboy's right for the love of this maiden . the cowboy was shot dead by a cowboy in the back of a cantina in west texas . her love is strong and it pushes her onward .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to be a size ten in love . john sutter: "i left the engine running. I just came to see, what you would do if i. Gave you a chance to make things right" he says you insist on repeatedly trying to tell me lies; i may be dumb, but i\'m not stupid .', 'if i fall through these days that go by without cause. just a painful mistake has left me here on my own . a sign that you\'re with me gives me the strength to hold on . "i\'m left with knowing, content and happy, this is all i need," she says .', 'cnn.com\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to let go of your love for someone you love . donna brazile: "even though you\'re in love I\'m cold as ice" "come to me \'cause I won\'t run", she says .', 'david rothkopf: i will eradicate. Obliterate, depopulate. Divine, atrocious suffering. Cleansation of the weak. Supremacy. Pissing on your faith. I will eat your soul. Must contain the minds of the free.', "I walk the path that's righteous. Many men have walked before. And this pain's held. A broken shell. Straight shackled onto the floor. But I deny all this. 'Cause pain was my bliss. Get wasted on self-destruct.'", "I know I'm always drunk as drunk as can be . but I wonder, Louie, have you got room for me . they gonna throw me out when the morning comes . Why some are born. With empty holes. Like twisted souls .", "cnn's richard quest is dreaming and wishing to stay there forever . quest: tonight i'm telling you. Everything I'm never ever. Gonna regret this. Never ever . my head is spinning. and it's been like this forever.", 's-ssaying: "i don\'t want to say goodnight to records I love" he says he\'s thinking of not growing old, forgetting and forgetting . but he just plan to live the rest of his life, he writes .', "when i'm sad she comes to me. With a thousand smiles. She gives to me free. It's alright, she says. Take anything you want from me. Anything. Fly on, little wing.", "'til Jesus saves my early grave.' 'from stem to stern, i'm torn apart.' I'm going, gone, gone. Seek the hull, leave the deck. Silver moon, silhouette. In due time you will forget.", "bob greene: sometimes we forget who we got. Who we are or who we are not . he says we can't help but follow a girl who's in love with the world . greene says there is so much more in love than black and white .", "'cause you presume the winner is you, but that's not true, so say just words to me . you won't feel the warmth of friends around you . 'i'll show you the way, a pleasure for the taking' .", 'bishop tells the king his lies as young men stand on the top of their own graves . they were crying when their sons left, God is wearing black . bishop: "there\'s no one here but me. people all grow up to die"', "were we meant to be man and wife?. the answer I don't know . of life's many mystery's what intrigues me the most is who our children would have been . even as i walk away I'll always keep the hope .", 'i felt so desperate in your arms. I felt so desperately in yours . we were parked near some trees. and the moonlight soaked the branches in ever-deepening degrees. Had my hand in your hair. Trying to keep my cool ‘til it became too much to bear’.', "bob greene: i'm lost, always. And I know I can't be found . he says my destination's wrong. if he's not right by your side, I'll never be my destiny . greene says it's no use, since you've been born. Into a higher class .", "love grows where my Rosemary goes. nobody knows like me . i just gotta say, hey!. She's really got a magical spell. And it's working so well . If you've met her, you'll never forget her .", "cause and effect, smell the smoke in the breeze. My panther, my brother, we are at war until you're free . you'll never silence the voice of the voiceless. You'll always silence it . and orwell's hell, a terror era coming through . but this little brother's watching you too, watching you .", "we all see in black and white. when it comes to someone else's fight. No one ever gets involved, no one. Apathy can never solve. Stolen land, they can't fight it. Hold on to pride and tradition. Even though they know. How much their lives are really missing. We're dissing them. On reservations. A hopeless situation.", "i haven’t lost myself in a long time. I never tried to care when I wanted to . I just wanted to be part of something. i just want to be real like you . 'it can't be that far. Silent, warnings, tell me. that I've let things come undone. Show me, teach me the way to Heaven.'", "don't let the grass grow under your feet. the sands of time keep running . meet me in the morning. I'll have the motor running. Down frosty lanes, under a darkening sky . i haven't come to break your home. .", '"your blind have now become my deaf", says the little horn . the world spreads its legs for another star . "you can\'t save yourself". "you\'re going to die". "Save yourself from this".', "first time you're there. Well it gets you up. second time alright. You give it a go . you get a little high. and you get little low . if its all so hard. why dont you slide on down with me? i'm hanging on my words .", "'I've got a pigeon in trouble.. and I want you heisted there, rattata.. That I love you five hundred and lost'. Lies are divided with you. 'Cause that turn isn't for me.. that I want to tie' to me .", "the world won't seem so bad (remember what I, remember what I) anymore, anymore . remember what you said, remember the things you said and remembered . the way. By the way, by the way . remembrance day is a time to remember what we've done .", "in front of us lies a wide valley. the roadway is a grey band. white stripes, green border . now we turn on the radio. Then it sounds from the speaker . cnn.com's ireport.com: are you driving on the highway?", 'avalanche sweeps the land. Starvation setting in. Evil lives atop my crooked spine. Rosebush current flow. Carmine river go. Solar storms erupt on the sun. Snow queen. Hypothermia. Ice lips. Hallucination. Landscape ebb and flow.', "you've been walking around in tears. No answers are there to get. You won't ever be the same. Someone cries and you're to blame. Struggling with a fight inside. Sorrow you'll defeat.", "'Cause I'll tell you everything about being free. Yes I can see you girl, can you see me?. 'You don't need to know what I do all day. It's as much as I know watch it waste away.'", "white light goin', messin' up my mind . don't you know it's gonna make me go blind? (White heat) Aw, white light, I said now, goodness knows, do it .", "bob greene: it's been a long time since i've seen you, face to face . he says the truth is there was no escape. the call of whistle and steam . greene says there's a voice behind every bolted door. Singing prayers, curses .", "the sun in the rose.. I laugh at my tired dreams.. and that's what i'm talking about . i can't reach it.. it's already dead in the dark . I want to weep and sleep with unsullied tenderness.. You're lying to me .", "there ain't no Jesus gonna come from the sky. don't take nobody's word what you can do . I saw through junkies, I been through it all . no one can harm you, feel your own pain .", 'cnn\'s john sutter was taken out of a caesarian\'s hospital . he was too precarious removed as a c-section . after the operation, he says he is now a girl anachronism . "i\'m not right now at all. i might join your century"', "i remember how you used to kick me around . all the times you stuck me here. and put me on my own . i've got a bullet with your name. GET THE FUCK AWAY from me .", 'cynthia schneider: death will come easy, just close your eyes. Heavenly failure, losing again. move on to a new form of life. she says Altar of sacrifice, curse of the damned. confronting the evil you dread. coalesce into one your shadow and soul. Enter to the realm of Satan!. Flesh starts to burn, twist and deform.', 'cnn.com\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to try to fix a broken machine . john sutter: "it took you to make me realize. It took us to make us realize" he says smashed up my sanity, integrity, what\'s left of me, everything, all that was true .', 'evil walks behind you. evil sleeps beside you. Evil talks around you. you just cry wolf. Oh, black widow. Come on, weave your web. Down in your ocean. You got him tied to your bed. With your dark, dark secrets. And your green, green eyes.', "i've tasted love so many times. With something always missing . but i know you've got the kind. To take me up and away . our journey. Will be filled with passion, love and pleasure .", "revolver, don't mothers make good fathers? Revolver . his body numbs as he approaches the door . he buys rings and he owns kin . and now he's the champion .", 'Strange how each year ‘round late November. When the first snow is on the ground. She reappears so he’ll remember. How a love so young can be cut down?. When she made her last snow angel. Little did they know. That it’d make a lasting impression. Deeper than the snow. In his soul snow angel never faded.', "prepare for attack. Your body will burn. Endless war. There's no return. Prepare for attack . prepare for death. Fight till death. To reign in Hell. Gods of steel unleash their destruction on man . to reign in hell. Scepters of hate drop upon this Earth .", "youth has gone. I heard you say. It doesn't matter. Anyway. Don't hide the photos. Or turn off the lights. You. Sleep in a deep deep sleep. Beauty is skin deep. We let ourselves slip. And now. I ask myself why. I'm on my own. When after all. The years have been fairly kind.", "i can't tell you how to live your life. but i know how to living mine . i take home pretty things that i like . but, baby, you are so fine. 'cause, I forget I'm a lady. I've had too much wine.'", "david rothkopf: war is something i despise, for it means destruction of innocent lives . he says the thought of war it just blows my mind. Handed down from generation to generation . war can't give life it can only take it away. peace, love and understanding it all, he writes .", 'the scent of a woman is like rotten tomatoes . "don\'t come up for air until you kiss me where it smells funny" "i could make a lot of wine with the yeast I find inside her panties"', "we could be on a desert without a place to (to) go (go) and we wouldn't even (even) know (know) we're in love, in love with each other . (We are there) as we are there, baby, baby. (Together) together, baby .", "the last trick unified was the cornerstone . lyric weaponry lessens your chances of testing me . born alone, the strength of god makes my mission higher . I'm blessed with the gift for rap it's like that rocks da house .", 'jump in! if you want to taste my kisses in the night then . jump in if your heart can make you happy . when you are next to me, (Oooo), your love burns inside .', "old girl you're through. Just sit there. And count your fingers. Unlucky little girl blue . all you can count on. Are the raindrops. That fall on you. no use old girl. You may as well surrender .", "if only you believed like I believe, baby (If only you believe in miracles) we'd get by . i picked up your vibes (Dream of a lifetime). i can hear windmills and rainbows .", "mike downey: it's all about what your wear, the color of your hair and how many tatoos you got on your arm . he says all the suits in Hollywood are gonna roll in all the dough. come on and try it you know you can't fight it this is gonna sweep the. Nation . downee: what really matters to me is so easy to see. We gotta put it behind get back in line.", "when you look at me, I go soft and cave in. i can't conceal that i'm slowly weakening . Thoughts run wild as i sit and paint pretty pictures of what I'd do if you were mine .", "mike downey: a game of chess is like a swordfight . he says toad style is immensely strong and immune to nearly any weapon . downee: if you're a hip-hop MC, you've got to be a master of the Mantis Rapture .", "'If I took my life tonight? Chances are that I might. Mutilation out of sight. And I'm contemplatin' suicide . 'i'm losin my sight, losin' my mind. . Wish somebody would tell me . that i was fine. Nothing's alright, nothing is fine.' 'it all started when i lost my mother. No love for myself and no love for another.", "darling, you're slowly drifting out of reach . cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to slow down . do you have a favorite toy? share it with us on instagram .", "the way she walks and causes a fuss is the baddest in town . she's bad and she knows, I think that she knows . the way they hit her, I had to stop and stare . i'm love stoned and I could swear that she knew .", "there is no backup. No cut key. There is no master. if I lose you, there's no needle & thread . don't you break. I will not let you. I'll make sure. They will not get you . I can't divide you. Cannot make you stay. No other way.", 'cnn\'s richard quest: one might see in Mina. My disease. but it was She who has infected me . quest: i am still so lovesick for mina. I am still loving her so much . she writes: "for dawn is a dusk. Wherein needs must. Erupt from the grave, aflame"', "'you can play this game with me, but you know you're gonna lose' 'don't try and test me, 'cause you'll get reaction. another drink and i'm ready for action'", "I've got my doubts and what if I'm right? . 'cos if the rain starts falling. You'll protect me with your coat. and you'll always tape the football. and let me watch my soap.'", 'the midday sun. At midnight. Fair maid, white and red. Comb you smooth and stroke your head . a stroke as gentle as a feather. ooh, oooooh, the sun. at midnight.', "bob greene: it's a false sense of accomplishment every time I quit . he says I can't let it bother me. it takes my pain away. a lie, a kiss with open eyes. she's not breathing back . greene says anyone can see my flaws. anyone can say they're above this all .", "'i got everybody jumpin' to the voodoo, kick it. Wicked rhymes, picket signs. While me and the Mob gotta trunk full of nines. Play ya and I'll slay y'all. 'Cause I'm the one with the fat mad skills. And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills.", "as I'm falling down I come undone. in six thousand years what will this mean. words from the heart or a melody. If people can see right through my eyes. Like an open door that I can't disguise. I won't be afraid from the tears I cry.", "there's a way to stop this. Listen to the prophets. Everything they said . 'l.i.g.h.t. is shinin'. and my brother's heart cryin''", 'a man with a crooked nose had a chance to say whatever he wanted . he said: "we need to be medicated. and you\'re the prescription" "all you better-thans that fed us shit. You\'ll be knocked on the floor"', 'a pestilence upon your lands. and a plague upon all your houses . a stench of your slaughtered kin. Every last one of you. The newborn, borne with fear in their eyes . As tools to build a new empire. We are your cross to bear.', 'with this mic device, i spit nonfiction (Fiction) . "i be the anti-myth rhythm rock shocker," i check, ha ha ha . we\'ll walk \'em down with the warrior\'s sound .', "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to share your truth with the world . donna brazile: you speak the truth and I hear it. but who are you? she says outscreaming lies, you are the truth (you are truth). saving my life. the warmth of your embrace. Melts my frostbitten spirit.", "some of those that work forces. Are the same that burn crosses . Those who died are justified . by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites . they justify those that died by wearing a badge .", 'when i wake each morning. and the sun beats down on me . only love can set you free. Oh yeah. When we touch each other. In the state of ecstasy. Want this night to last forever.', "bob greene: if it's. The truth. that's all i know. I look for you. And just say. I know. The lie. That was. Is now. The last. I'll go. For you. Before I sleep.", "boughs break on ebony toothaches . she's just a flask trapped inside a fall . a stranger has come in the night. And stolen her life . and left her with this .", "somewhere where she's never been before. Worn out phrases and longin' gazes . Won't get you where you want to go. Words of love, soft and tender . if you love her then you must send her .", "the rap stuff's more spooky than movies from Hitchcock . i'm a star at war, plus roller coaster . and i cough up a lung 'cause i freak it with the tongue'", "bob greene: if you go away, on this summer day, you might as well take the sun away . he says if we stay, we'll sail the sun, ride on the rain, talk to the trees, and worship the wind . greene says you must tell the world to stop turning, turning. 'til you return again'", 'bob greene: is this the end of everything we know? he says we seem to invent ourselves. If hope could only find me out . he asks: is anybody out there? Alone, alone. Because the coldest winters thrive on broken homes . greene says he feels helpless, sleeping at best .', 'the soul needs beauty for a soul mate. When the soul wants, the soul waits . between a man and a woman. For love and faith and sex and fear. And all the things that keep us here .', "a noblemen's fair daughter came down a narrow lane. And met with Captain Wedderburn. The keeper of the game. he took her by her lily-white hand. And led her down the hall. for fear that she might fall.", "have you ever heard of a wish sandwich? a ricochet biscuit is a biscuit that's supposed to bounce back off the wall into your mouth . a cool water sandwich and a Sunday-go-to-meetin' bun are good options .", 'don\'t keep up this old line . if you want me, baby, that\'s fine . "i need a kind, and honest man. (honest man) so come and talk to me .', 'Candy and Taffy, hope you both are well. please come see me in the citadel . in the streets are many walls. Hear the peasants come and crawl . Screaming people fly so fast. In their shiny metal cars .', "she's a freak, Monique. I think I'm gonna tweek. I can hardly speak . Sexy baby, girl you drive me crazy. Let me take you for a drive. Take you 'round the world. Make ya start to swirl .", "Gary and his eyes have parted company. Gary don t need his eyes to see . he's a murderer who donates his sight to science . but he is able to see through his eyes x4 . the eye receives the messages. And sends them to the brain .", "bob greene: if i don't see her each day, I miss her . he says nancy, with the laughing face, takes the winter and makes it summer . greene says she'll give you the same glow as mission bells ringing .", "bob greene: if one day i'd find. Someone who would take my hand . he says life would be so nice if someone took my hand and be a team with me . greene says if i could see you and me, that would be nice .", "sally kohn: Nadine, there's a message I will bring to you . she says through the door I hear you sing. Your song. Hasn't gone too far. For you, i've come to seek the fate that awaits me . kathleen: if you want to be a better person, you need to be more like me, too .", "there's no more hope, no fair. Move the limits. wake up the Anniemal in you . he's a monster mash. Living on fame and cash. Badly spoiled. A living dead .", "i will not give up on you. i won't chase you. (I will not chase you) i'm fevering. (you make me want to.... Now I'm gonna gonna chase you). ooh ohh. (i'll not chase on you).", 'cnn\'s robin mccarthy recalls a royal lady, patron of the arts . she gave me anything she wanted, oh the generosity . "if you can\'t understand something then it\'s best to be afraid," she says .', "the day has come I thought I'd never see. I walk smiling in a lightglow and I'm calling out your name . Hey mann how d'you get in here. you're in my heart without consent .", "sally kohn: you're the one in the way of the day of doom, baby . she says if you need my shame to reclaim your pride, call me crazy, hold me down . make me cry, get off now, baby. it won't be long until you'll be lying limp in your own hands . kiwi: you feed the beast I have within me. you wave the red flag, you make it run, run .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to learn more about love . this week\'s topic is "all about love, yeah!" a simple melody is what makes love so easy . it\'s easy as 1, 2, 3, or simple as Do-Re-Mi .', "one more day. I'ven't seen my girl in a year last July. One more day . i'm still here today. I went to see the first lieutenant. He said shut up and wait . I just don't think I can survive .", "the vocal tone has got 'em sweating their own apocalypse . the slave driver saliva, one night, power turns, now Mexico burns . they talk it while slicing our veins, so mark it .", "there must be something wrong. Or something here. that I don't understand . i'm tired of playing around. Girl in every town. (Let's get married) i didn't mean to say all the things i said. The way i felt in my heart. it came out that way .", "i'm the guy that found the Lost chord . i will have my name in the hall of fame; cos i went and found it . people said i was mad. but that didn't bother me .", "i've been waiting for too long. Not strong enough to be with you. and I've made up my world . I irrigate illusions then let them grow . and i ran wild to see who I turned out to be.", "bob greene: when I'll walk out of this road. You'll never see me again. he says my time is come. my day is done. My time is coming. My day is finished. bobgreene: if you don't see me, you'll be dead.", "there is always a reason. let's sit and watch the stars put on a show . like the sun shines and the wind blows, like the birds fly and the moon glows . if you wanna win my favor. be creative, and show me your flavor .", "thought I would die a lonely man, in endless night . but now i'm high running wild among all the stars above . do you remember the day when my journey began?. will you remember . promise me tomorrow starts with you .", "david rothkopf: you spread your anger on sharp-edged knives. like Pilate in his self-righteousness . he says you're a traitor and a thief. Choking on your unplanned words. Coughing up lies . but the blood that flows I cannot hide. that blood that covers me, he writes .", "hard times here an' everywhere I go . people are driftin' from door to door . i don't care where they go, can't find no heaven . time is harder than ever before. hard times are here and everywhere .", "where are you now, my love?. My sweet one. I only think of you. And it drives me down . come here my lover. I'll keep you. I will change you. You will live forever. Screaming. Crying.", "john avlon: we wanna see some blood. We don't give a fuck. We just want more . he says he's gonna dunk the hole in the hole and push the button to legalize freedom . the lines that define begin to gray and fade now, he writes .", "i'm sure you don't believe. That anybody can tell. You're a fool. I'll bet that you believe. They only think that you're cool. And a handsome devil too . 'Cause all this spirit boy. Won't last eternally.'", "my friend got to me before she laughed at me . next time i see you, i hope you'll be pleased to see you . to tell them that they've got you all wrong. to visit your picture, I won't have the nerve .", 'no more dreaming of the dead as if death itself was undone . no more calling like a crow for a boy, for body in the garden . snow white is stitching up your circuit-boards .', "love is an arrow and it points at you. It tells you what you gotta do . love is a verb and a noun as well . it's a good way to lose a friend .", "in youth's spring, it was my lot. To haunt of the wide earth a spot . so lovely was the loneliness. Of a wild lake, with black rock bound . but when the night had thrown her pall. Upon that spot as upon all .", "the mourn abandoned plains. Laid down in sombre sleep. The bird's song fills the whispering breeze. The lunar pale grim shape. Throughout my every day. These skies I hail and treasure thee.", 'bob greene: all good dreamers pass this way someday. Cynical and drunk . he says he drinks at home most nights with the TV on; he doesn\'t want nobody comin\' over to his table . now he\'s a dreamer, but he wants to be a romantic, he writes. "i\'m gonna blow this damn candle out"', "donna brazile: tonight the world belongs to you and me. this boy's in love, love. under the city. Under the city lights. Don't wait, too late to die. look out, hold on, hold tight. we'll never see this place again. they'll think about you now and then. we won't see our faces again. goodbye this town, these streets, your friends.", "I'll lay before the cross and pray and walk upon water . i'll rip the skin from God's face and say I'm searching for the truth . I've got something for you . and then I will do as I please .", "bob greene: we are the nothing grating against the norm. we are something that will not conform . he says we're the enemies of reality, in a world that's unforgiving . the less you understand the more you're driven. the standards they judge us on swallow the rot we shed . greene urges us to open wide and eat the worms of the enemy .", "without the pretty pink ribbon, you'd end up just like me . without the sticky little kitten, your virtues would all go unknown . your cancers would eat to the bone. your muscles would bulge underground .", 'don\'t make this out to be more than it isn\'t . afraid to blink, i might lose the sun . but behind every lie, there\'s a burden within . "healing has to begin in the past," he says .', "bob greene: in the face of mass denial, bitterness fuels the mode . he says solitaire is a suicide mission destined to fail . greene says he wouldn't have it any other way .", "black friday is the day to paint the Devil on the wall . it's black Friday, paint the 'devil on the' wall, paint 'the' wall and more . 'dark friday' is a time to paint a wall with the devil on it . the wall is painted with a hammer and a knife .", 'when i used to say, i\'d never say, "i\'m rotting here today. With that same old crowd." i always thought that. Yea how they looked through you. And then looked past me. i just think I\'ll never leave here.', "sally kohn: I think our love is coming to an end . she says when you walk away, feel the freedom in your heart . when she loses control, she needs a kind, forgiving friend, she says . kathleen: if you decide you need me, I'll be wondering if I care .", 'a pock in the healthy and calm. their scorn behind your back. my promise would put them down. no trace of reverence left. dripping sin, decision in stalemate. Across the leafy pathway, their deeds smeared in blood.', "the lessons that you taught me, i learned were never true . i wanna run away, never say goodbye . I wanna know the truth instead of wondering why . it's time to shut the door and open up my mind .", '"dread lord of the marsh," says christopher sebek . "whose teeth rendeth and teareth with terrible violence. Restore the eyes of the dead" bring the child Horus upon the throne .', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges viewers to think outside the box . this week\'s episode features a pair of black wizards who made love . john sutter: "you freed me from the past. You fucked the suburbs out of me"', "bob greene: somewhere over the rainbow. bluebirds fly. Birds fly . he says he'll wake up where troubles melt like lemon drops. Away above chimney tops . greene says that's where he will wish upon a star .", "we're safe inside this house of light. We make up our own storyline . but when we fight. Then those hungry wolves close in . we'll have to work my love to keep the flame from going out .", "in a tiny, tiny southern swedish country town, i'm looking for fun . i want the people in the country to be open and kind, but most times they're narrow . tonight's jackpot is a pig, hey that's criminal!", 'cnn\'s kelly wallace says she\'s never gonna live in no lavish spot . "i be rockin the discotech. Every single night no self respect," she says . wallace: "i wish that i could disappear to the boondocks"', "baby it's time to get up on track. And give it all back to you . I could lose you forever. It's now or never . i know we both belong in arms in crazy love . you're always there for me .", "if your heart isn't in it. why can't you tell me so? . if my heart wasn't there. i'd have gone long ago (Long ago) 'cept you and me. It seems that we stopped talking. Like we're afraid to disagree'", "bob greene: i get a little bit closer to you, to you. these are the days that i won't get back . he says when it's quiet I don't hear a thing, but be there when you need me . greene says he's sorry too but don’t give up on me. and remember that when you went to sleep .", 'the key to this place. Is a cold you know. The real dispelled. Doubt, tasted, you fall in. Down you sink. Into her deep devour. Bound by the despair. Of the shoreless hours.', 'I remember Halloween. Brown-leafed vertigo. Where skeletal life is known . candy apples and razorblades. Little dead are soon in graves . I remember halloween. This day, anything goes. burning bodies hang from poles.', "love is to share, where words can't compare. Love is desire, so full of fire. We all speak well of a bridge that carries us over. ...over safe. The art of compromise has surely been our greatest strength.", "do you think it's time that you are seen to be you?. you are sane, you're alive. You are here, you are fine. You're you, because you are real . do you have an edge of satisfaction?. Do you have a feeling of significance?", 'cnn\'s john sutter is a fucking ugly bitch . he wants to stab you to death and then play around with your blood . "i\'m trudging through blood with guts stuck in my Timbs"', "cnn's john sutter says he's sorry, but you can't frighten us . he says it's not the roads, it is the darkness! he asks: what is all this bat thorn business?", '"i don\'t want to hear you (Kick me out, kick me out)," a young girl screams . "the band were fucking wank and I\'m not having a nice time," she says . get off the bandwagon and put down the handbook, yeah25 .', "john avlon: he's just like anyone. and he knows it. it's his one sided point of view . he says when someone's politics. Blinds you and binds you. to something you don't believe in . why doesn't he understand views keep changing?", "a simple man, power drunk. No worries of living, no more anything . deep inside, I've seen it rise. Actions progress to no end . pressure coming down. Broken fingernails. Digging in, scratch my face .", 'cnn\'s john sutter says he doesn\'t have to go . he says a life of no results is still on the road and so he goes . "i\'m gonna miss you when it\'s colorful.. you don\'t need to leave a footprint"', "'i have made big decision. i'm gonna try to nullify my life. 'Cause when the blood begins to flow. When it shoots up the dropper's neck.' Oh, and I guess that I just don't know . I wish that i was born a thousand years ago .", "'I'm racking my brain for a new improved way. To let you know you're more to me than what I know how to say. You're ok with the way this is going to be. 'If anyone can make me a better person you could.'", "bob greene: young hearts are born with grief. we have paid the penalty of truth . he says a season of our stolen youth. Shall teach old hearts to break . greene says it feels like i've been here before. where the animals lay down to die .", "donna brazile: you are such a workaholic boy. That you kill everybody's joy. Fill your head with some time to lose . she says nothing lasts it's better that way. It's worse that way . brazil: if you're down, take a breath, push your pain away . ring rang rung, give me a ring. please don't be so long .", 'river, did you bring me here? touch me now, wipe away my fear . river, miles and miles to flow. Shake this land, reap where sounds will grow . now his love journeys on the river. Heart of darkness, endless trail .', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to share your thoughts on life . this week\'s topic is "i forgive you but i can not stay" a u.s. citizen has been convicted of trespassing in april .', 'bob greene: i dove into freezing sea. with parasite attached to me . he says the sea filled us with saline. And sailing us blue blue back into. The atmosphere . greene says many things have betrayed him. Between there and here .', "in her mother's house. There was happiness. I wrapped myself in it. Was my chrysalis . Make your own mistakes. When you're grown. Make sure that you remain the same . like a butterfly. Shower me with your love. all of everyday .", "i wrote this song on my guitar. But it didn't turn out right. So we just connected in other ways. So easy, I must say. Why am I so shy around you?. Why do I take care to astound you?", "don't wanna know about that love thing. give me what I'm needing . you know what i'm dreaming of. Don't want me. Just what I need . there's no room for lovin'. stop pushin', you're rushin' and you feel it .", "my man's gone now. Ain't no use a listenin'. For his tired footsteps. Climbin' up the stairs. Old man sorrow's. Come to keep me company. When I say my prayers.", 'no heroin no alcohol no nicotine. But dynamite and turpentine . I need money for Gasolin. Explosive like kerosene. With plenty of octane and free of lead . Do you want to part with something?. Then you have to burn it .', 'seven years ago. I watched you leave. How could you know the vamp . we walk down separate ways. Toward those steps we missed . We come and go. To the beat of a heart. To my soul . I hear your voice in the distance. Calling my name .', "'this is what i'm 'bout, niggas, the time is now!' 'i let this shit slide for too many years, too many times.' . 'all i need is one mic (yeah, yeah yeah yeah), all i ever needed in this world, fuck cash'", "if tonight's the night. i'm gonna show you ain't got no game plan . if you call out in vain. Every one of us just the same. We are animal. Dare not speak its name .", "so come and dance with me, Michael. I'm all that you see, you want to see . Michael, you're the boy with all the leather hips. Sticky hair, sticky hips, stubble on my sticky lips . this is what I am, I am a man .", 'get yourself a limbo girl. give that chick a "limbo whirl" there\'s a moon above. You will fall in limbofade . you\'ll be a star. How low can you go? . if you don\'t move that limber bar, you\'re going to die .', "boys stop you on the street, they wanna know your name . Always running up the alley, trying to get home . or standing on the corner, never alone . and I don't wanna get over you. (Over you). It doesn't matter what you do .", "don't you turn your eyes?. and if you dare to look. I'll be you waiting . Impera e nessimo. Impera samie nero. Dove di immantore torra.", "a maniac, fucked over for the times i've been grateful . a psychosis is a mental disorder where reality is highly distorted . it's propaganda. Sell it to the innocent. just tell them to rebel again .", "just one kiss, kiss will do. Why death. Why life. Warm hearts. Cold darts . just one touch, touch will do . Why me. Why you. Broken mirror. White terror . Kiss, kiss kiss kiss me love. I'm shaking inside .", "one more time i'm left broken. One more time words unspoken . wasted time is all i have left, the broken promises I kept . oblivious to me you can't handle reality . you - will never fade away .", "i've been up for days. and I feel like a menagerie. I'm scratching till I bleed . but as long as i can breathe. then I know I'll be alright .", '"drop is mama fuck" is a video of a sexy baby . she shakes her PP and drops it to the floor . "you don\'t have to ask me a million times," she says .', 'bob greene says he lost his way last night, but was reborn by daylight . he says his love is black and now he can\'t breathe, feel . greene: "now your lines are tired and old. Nature is calming me"', "lz granderson: we were kicking around. we were broken up bound and everything fell to fear . he says one side is made, the other side too soon. Trouble ahead, but there's no going back . granderson says he could try for more, i could settle up for less .", "you know I'm bad (Bad, bad, really, really bad) and you know it (Really, really good) you know (I'm good) and (I know) (I think) i'm a good person, ah . if you don't like what i am saying, you'll slap my face . just to tell you once again .", 'sweet 3 night. he shows up, showing his sign.. Behind the Diamond. Is it blue?. Sweet 3: i need you to tell your story.. To meet you. Come to me. Sweet 3, Ah-ha-ha.', "hello, from the world below. While I'm watching the sun burning. As the road is slowly turning. Walking past the city lights. Silence can be so disturbing. You'll find me standing in the night. Tell me where did we go wrong?. Can we just move on?", "i'm marooned in monkeyland. i have to know what is real. and what is illusion . do I dismiss this with a sigh?. Oh yes, you must from time to time . Is my creator a God or a man? Yes, yours too .", "'I'm crazy and I'm hurt. Head on my shoulders. It's going berserk. I don't apologize. For acting outta line. You see the way I am. You leave any time you can.", "'i am your slice of life'. 'I am your piece of life,' he says . the car opened him up to so much more . and the money is brighter with a wider smile . but the problem expands inside his head . he's shivering under lamposts and under glass .", "on a Sunday morning sidewalk, i'm wishing Lord that i was stoned . there's something in a weekend that makes a body feel alone . and it's half as lonesome as the sound of a sleepin' city sidewalk .", "'Almost had you. And I didn't even know it. You kept me guessin'. I almost wrote a song about you today. But I tore it all up and then I threw it away .", "bob greene: i'll be the switch she turns on. she'll also be mine too, I get off . he says even with the lights out we'll glow. even Edison has no idea . greene says he was so scared that you'd leave so he hid it .", "the black air force sergeant was not the first one. And all of the drugs she took. Every one, every one. I am the water boy. The real game's not over here. but my heart is overflowin' anyway.", 'a loose grip on a thin line. Leaves me trailing behind . "i lose touch in your goals. It\'s vertigo. and your words are like. Music to the beast" "though the line may swerve, my grip remains true," he says .', "it's you. You, you, you. you don't know. What it means to hold you tight. Tell me I'm the only one. and then I might. Never be the lonely one so. Hold me tight. Let me go on loving you. Tonight, tonight. Making love to only you, so.", "Spadina, St. George, Bay, and Yonge will never meet . the map says 'you are here'. Waltzing in a garbage pile . screams confessions, shouts in vain .", "a whole line of breakfasts you've got time for . superfast jellyfish, super fast jellyfish. (The sea has gone silent). (What!). (Everybody loves jellyfish! ). (Don't waste time)", 'christian dreamed up a god up and called it Christianity . he made a virus that would kill off all the swine . his perfect kingdom of killing, suffering and pain. Demands devotion atrocities done in his name .', "bob greene: there's a universal justice. and the eyes of truth . he says if you understand or don't, believe or doubt, there is universal justice . greene says the eyes are always watching you, and the truth is always there .", "a single spark can start a spectral fire. (Have trigger, will travel, have trigger, can travel) if you have a spark, it's contagious . if your spark has a trigger, it will travel . it can travel up to a distance of 100 miles .", 'jennifer hudson: i can\'t stand with jellybones. i woke up and broke the news . she says it\'s love, so we\'ll survive. but this is love so we can survive . he says he\'s been told he has a full-blown case of "jellybones" hey, i\'m so glad i found you, but i don\'t know if you\'ve survived .', "with all the love inside, i can't deny. she holds her pain inside . if she's somewhere near me, I hope to God she hears me . no matter how hard i try, you say it's all a lie .", 'i had a dream you were still alive. like I could feel your stubble on my face . when you kissed me goodnight, we do our special signals together . wearing a brown plaid shirt, i wore a t-shirt with a plaid hoodie .', "bob greene: i met you through a common friend. in the attic of my parents' house . greene says you are the roots that sleep beneath my feet. And hold the earth in place . he says we share a name. on some picturesque graveyard. on a picturesque graveside .", "not everyone can relate, to what you and I appreciate . but i know you'd like to run away. but it's hard with horseshoes made of clay . and the selfish friend that i am says stay away .", "play dead never speak, just assign the blame. According to their game and chase them down the drain . all play dead. I'll sleep in this quiet room where no one sees, i'll play dead . bear witness to freedom's fall. tomorrow kiss goodbye a little more .", 'bob greene: you\'re a holocaust3 . he says everybody goes, leaving those. Who fall behind. they don\'t just care. your mother\'s dead, she said. "Don\'t be afraid". he writes: "i\'m a wasted face, a sad-eyed lie."', "'cause boy, you're my type. You got me so excited. Baby, let's go dance away. So let me come and get ya right. Boy, let me fill your appetite. Won't you let me know what it is you like?. I'll let you call me beautiful. Let me give it to you once, you 'gon want some more.", "bob greene: i'm trapped inside of a dream. I'm bearing down and it seems . he says there's no easy way out. No easy way to escape. this is dawn of the dead. Don't let it live in your head. run away if you can.", "i lit my fire blew my conch, nobody comes. I built my boat from bamboo but it sunk . thinking of you and the love I got. saw the devil's servant, sent her home . Said bring me your master, I don't want his dog. I'm out on a beach .", "don't worry if you're full, just eat it. open up your mouth and feed it . if it's getting cold, reheat it. have a big dinner. Have a light snack. If it doesn't like it, send it back .", "cnn's richard quest was stuck in an institution because he was on drugs . he says the institution was the only solution to his problem . quest's mom says she's not on drugs, but she wants to get her a pepsi . she says he'll be brainwashed until she sees her way .", '@eh. @EH. @ EH. Yeah. @eH. \'eh\' @e. ___ @E. -__ \'\' \'_________ \' - \', \'" \' "\' " \'.  \'( \') \' ( . .', "we're on a back road something to see. Straight as a razor kicking the dust. Digging thru ditches and falling to rust. Taking me far. Far as . a rental car can go.", 'david rothkopf: when winds blow across the sands. their murmurs can be easily swayed . he says when storms quicken one cannot placate. The howling of their murderous rages . there is no fanaticism as virile as faith. to the blind his words are clear. Suffer not the infidel!', "petrified for the millionth time. Slowly my soul evaporates. No parachutes no dismal clouds. Just this fucking space. I know what's coming. I'm not working. I am my own experience.", "the rain keeps on coming down. it feels like a flood in my head . i've been walking for a long time. I still don't know. Where it goes . we're gonna find our way home. It's a winding road .", "i dedicate the following to the aspiring leading actor. that's where the truth is . everyone wants to reach out their hand and grab happiness . but they just end up becoming the monster that lies deep in darkness . every time this happens your faces crumble .", "cynthia schneider: sometimes I call out for you, and sometimes I'm afraid . she asks God. Can He forgive me?. and he says 'it's all too dark' she says he's a fool in the dark, a ghost in my dreams, and a shadow of life . schneiders: if he can save me, he will send me to heaven .", "we'll gather lichen from boulders. keep it dry inside our lockets . lichens are the size of your fist. throwing punches like we throw the stones . our wild, wild, our wild eyes2 .", "i wish you could adore. The way you did before. Will soon become a blur . as you're living through another year. Oh, what a waste of time it is . to indulge inside of bliss. Getting ready for another year like this.", 'seven days and not one glance from her. "Don\'t call back", she said . girl, "i love you. I love you". "don\'t ring back", he said. "I love you, girl, i\'m so glad you\'re here".', "lz granderson: i've been waiting for so long to hear the truth . he says boy, you can't play me that way. i could never be the right kind of girl for you . granderson says it's in your genes. I don't know. but I'll soon find out .", 'cnn\'s john sutter recalls a scene in 1993 when he sang "i won\'t let go" he played every song from 1993. the crowd applauded as. he curtsied bashfully. with every nervous blink.', "bob greene says he felt the Lord in his father's house . greene: 'i am everything eternally, God, just speak. 'Cause I'm done being done. with the funerals, at least for now' he says if you're tired of another and another, you gotta shake it out, take it down.", 'i used to give a fuck, now i don\'t give more shits . "i\'m way too important to be talking about extorting," says breezy . he says he\'s pissed off, and this what success is all about is a bunch of niggas .', "bob greene: if you're strung out like a kite. or stung awake in the night. it's alright to be frightened . he says there's a light (one light) inside of you. If you think you might need somebody . greene says if the whole world's singing your songs. remember what was yours is everyone's from now on .", "no one's in the house, everyone is out. all the lights are on and the blinds are down . take it to the bridge, throw it overboard. See if it can swim, back up to the shore . no one can hear me calling. feel like I'm falling back to the floor .", 'the pigs have won tonight. now they can all sleep soundly . cnn\'s john sutter says he wants to watch it come down . "i want to break it up. I want to smash it up," he says .', 'we consume our lives like we are thankful. for what we are being forced into . cheapest labor at expensive cost, auctioned our lives away . Is it our duty to die for governments and for gods? . is it our privilege to slave for market and for industry?', "i open my mouth at the wrong time. always ranking on somebody . throwing beer bottles and spitting in your face. Checking through the purse. Of the slut in our place. She'll never notice if her money is gone.", "we're getting higher every time that we love. A little closer to the things we fall back on . if you come over, then together, willing. We'll take over the world . come on, come on. (No one, no one can touch us)", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to be a gentlemen . this week\'s theme is "the rat race begins. The fat face stings" irepost: "i will always exist. Because i always exist."', "there's so much more that i wanted and. (So sorry it's over) 'you're out of line and rarely sober. we can't depend on your excuses.' Cover up the scars, put on your game face. Left you in the bar to try and save face.", "'cause when hearts get broken. It's real tears that fall. and darling it's sad but true. but the one thing I've learned from you. Is how the boy don't always get the girl.", "i'll be your sexual freak (freak), of the week . i think i need to re-booty . come on kids, don't be scared. it's a tits and ass world you gotta be prepared .", "baby, there's no mystery, 'cause you know how I am . what you get is what you what you see . What you tryna do to me? (To me, yeah) You wanna say you're mine . (She's a bad, bad bitch)", "black metal is the code for tonight. Faster than steel, fortune on wheels . ten fold through the deadly black hole. Riding hell's stallions bareback and free. Against these odds, black metal gods. Fight to achieve our goal. Casting a spell, leather and hell.", "love's flood tide is rising full. Love's moon of full. sea of beauty . like a blue lotus floating on the sea of love. Lingering in, lingering in the realms . akashic realms. like the ocean of love .", "david rothkopf: the whole town's dripping down a hill. Like the spine of something dead . he says since baptism peroxide. fear is not respect. but it's the best you're gonna get .", "back to the primitive. Fuck all your politics. Who feels it, knows it. the god will guide me . backtotheprimitive.fuck all you wannabe's. You don't mean shit to me. Let it bleed!", "as a rapturous voice escapes, i will tremble a prayer. and I'll beg for forgiveness . (Your sins into me) Oh, my beautiful one. Your sins . i'll fall asleep for you .", "it's me of lui. Peace I can't find, Death rea of me. Not even sleep. I'm gonna fill it up.. Flack. Fleck. I’m the one with him.... In what part of heaven do my flock sigh?. In which part of the sky?. Run away, I want to!", "i'm rockin' the suburbs. Just like Quiet Riot did . i pull up to the stop light. I can feel that something's not right . and bass. Sendin' dirty vibes my way .", "a jail cell is freedom from the pain in my home . Having never seen the color of my father's eyes, i dwell in hell, but it's a hell that i can grip . Death is on my side. Suicide .", "i lost my mind, I lost all my money. I lost my life to the killing road . the road will never end. it always starts again . there's nothing special about the road. it's just another haul .", "lz granderson: we were kicking around. we were broken up bound and everything fell to fear . he says one side is made, the other side too soon. Trouble ahead, but there's no going back . granderson says he could try for more, i could settle up for less .", 'bob greene: cast a spell and war was born. out of the obscurity. Pilgrims in songs. Swamp the empty aerodrome. Kalashnikovs but no houses. women at the double, march. no food for the spouses. they wait for the US drop. Russians sit back and laugh. while war casts her gory locks. Over the deserted docks.', "you know you twist your little girl (Twist, little girl). Come on and twist a little closer, now . and let me know that you're mine (Let me know you' are mine) well, shake it, shake the baby, now (Shake it up, baby)", "don't say you'll think about me. Or say that you can live without me. Didn't we make it nearly. For everything that I hold dearly. How many ways can I say plainly, we can. Before it wore on us thinly. To each and every degree.", 'the lion sleeps tonight in the jungle, the quiet jungle . near the village, the peaceful village . lions sleep tonight – ho, ho!. aweema-weh is a lion . dee heehee, weeoh is an eagle-eared creature .', "in an octopus's garden with you, i'd ask my friends to come and see . we'd be warm below the storm, in our little hide-a-way beneath the waves . knowing they're happy and safe, we would be so happy, you and me.", "under my feet is air made of bricks. that pulls me down and turns me weak for you . you say my name like there could be an us. You build me up and leave me there . i'm the only one in love. Whenever i stand my own ground, you build me . but, i hear your words you made up. they melt my heart to stone .", '"what\'s going on across this land?" asks cnn\'s sally kohn . "war is hell, when will it end?. when will people start getting together again?" "i want to know because, i\'m slightly behind the times4 .', 'after all my heart had put me through. I knew that this time I had finally found. Someone to build my life around. To heal the damage you had done. My poor heart would never mend. Wrong again. And it seemed to me the pain would last.', "sally kohn: Vanity, blood. Left for you to drink. Eternity. Waits for you . she says your lust will never be fully quenched. Your screams tell me that you're not prepared to die . kahn: murder is my birthright. the bloodline proves aristocracy. Walled in, left for dead .", "I'm going back, thinking about all the changes. I see the rise and fall of the world that I lived in. this time it doesn't seem real at all . but I took the fall and on came all those changes . all I had could not be saved - it was far too late . I saw some people for the people that I thought they were .", "they shot the tiger on his chain. In a field behind the cages. He walked in circles 'til he was crazy' and he lived that way beside them . just as long as he could remember. If he'd wanted to remember .", "cnn's jim boulden says he's lost in space, searching for inner peace . he says we're not aliens trying to transform the planet . but he doesn't know if we'll be able to get out of the worm hole .", "when i get mad and I get pissed. I grab my pen and I write out a list . Of all you assholes that won't be missed. you've made my shitlist.", "everybody's got a hungry heart. Lay down your money and you play your part. everybody needs a place to rest. Everybody wants to have a home. Don't make no difference what nobody says .", "a dark wood with cold lakes. A place where master of the world's. Fire doesn't get. In the darkest great. Night of the time. And they gathered. And became the house of the dead. We stand in the black circle.", "can you trace the sins that haunt you? can you play the Devil's cards as I do? I am death's own little star. I am all that you want me to be . i'm blessed, yet damned. I'm fallen, yet resurrected . can you see the visions i brought you?", 'john avlon: there\'s a new leader in the land. with a platform i understand . he says she\'s got the brains and the looks that kill. Want to see her butt on a ten dollar bill? he asks if you don\'t like her, you must be a "fag". she says it\'s time to storm the election. when in doubt, follow your erection. call up your congressman and i say,', 'with what little girls play today, here and there and there . Vienna, only Vienna you know me up, know me down. You know me . a young Bogart hangs on your lips, little one, and says, "Come".', '"if you wanna sleep with me and talk about existence. we\'ll need more than 15 minutes" "i\'m stressed (stressed), but most of \'em would never guess (never guess) "inspired by the monsters, the files of life full of stars and stripes"', "I'm your gun. Pull my trigger. I am bigger than-. I, the Emperor, proclaim. us, the masters, we rule the game. Inclination - somethin' to dream on. Deprivation, we are sons. Let's stamp them out and dry those tears.", "the city swells with energy. the nightlife has begun. Kustle and bustle. Who wants to sit inside. Who want to wait in line. Let's go eat pierogis at my favorite cafe.", "if i were gay. I would give you my soul. and if I were gay . we would tear down the walls. But i'm not gay. So won't you stop cupping my hand. We've never hugged. we've not kissed. but you have opened brand new doors . get over here and drop your drawers.", "'it's not like i owe him money. this is different. gather your strength and break free. Or you will surely die. Gather your strength don't follow me.' 'Cause I will certainly die. The way my eyes cannot move. the way I hope to be protected.", "in the wee, wee hours, your mind gets hazy. Radio's jammed up with talk show stations . Hey, somebody out there, listen to my last prayer. Hi ho silver-o, deliver me from nowhere.", "frida ghitis: I've been waiting for the day when someone takes me away . she says as i sink one more drink i am running out of ink. feeling paranoid about every little thing . taking something with you if you drag your heels in yesterdays isn't real, she says .", "bob greene: i've been wishing that i had one desire. Something that would make it so that nothing mattered . he says i believe that lovers should be tied together. Thrown into the ocean in the worst of weather . but as for me, he's coming to the final chapter. I read all of the pages and there is still no answer . greene says he wants to spare him the weight of the truth .", "the lyrics go on the attack . if you cry out I'm gonna push it. Push it push it some more . the lyrics are a little bit of this and a bit of that . but the dread are known that love is here to get .", "'Cause nothing else matters. Never opened myself this way. Life is ours, we do it our way' . 'trust I seek and I find in you. Every day for us, something new. Open mind for a different view .", "'i'm lighter than photography.. You're gonna cut me out of now.. I'll keep my mouth shut.' 'in a new life, you'll find me a place.. Somewhere on the shelf or the windowsill..", 'remember the night. The night you said, "I love you". remember?. remember you vowed. By all the stars above you. Into my dreams you wandered it seems, and then there came a day. remember?', "a street walking cheetah is a runaway son of the nuclear A-bomb . he's a world's forgotten boy. the one who searches and destroys . honey gotta help me please. Somebody gotta save my soul .", "Orange. Orange. We'll sail into the stars . if you're a fan of orange, you'll love it . orange is a great way to get a good night's sleep . it's also a fun way to spend a night in nature .", 'the leathered armies have prevailed. the phantom lord has never failed. smoke is lifting from the ground. the rising volume metal sound. Hear the cry of war louder than before. With his sword in hand to control the land.', "the night you left me nothin' worse could ever happen . but seeing you with someone else proved that i was wrong . i'd rather die and go to Hell and face the Devil. Than to lie here with you and him together on my mind .", 'i can lead a nation with a microphone . I can guide a missile by satellite. By satellite, by satellite . and I can make computers survive aquatic conditions . my cause is noble, my power is pure. I see the strings that control the systems .', "wipe your spit from your face. Wipe these tears from your eyes. 'i've got to take my life back. One chance to make it right. I've gotta have my voice be heard. and bring meaning to this life.'", 'cnn\'s ariel mccarthy writes about life under the sea . "under the sea. Under the sea." he writes . the sea is a great place to live, he says . under the water, the fish are happy, and the sun is shining .', "cnn's john defterios asks: please don't take my man just because you can . you could have your choice of men, but i could never love again . he's the only one for me, Jolene. my happiness depends on you .", "the tapeworm in the bottle of cheap tequila comes alive at night and bites your nipple . lard is the answer. the dancer. The ointment. The dream . the country right now, it wants to be soothed. And told it doesn't have to pay or sacrifice .", 'how could i. Have led these men to their demise? and they just follow . great god, this is an awful place. and i do not think that we can hope for any better things now . "oh the end cannot be far. it cannot wait. Exploration\'s last great prize."', "blue canary's story's infinite. Like the Longines Symphonette. It doesn't rest . he'd be fired if that were his job. After killing Jason off . make a little birdhouse in your soul. While you're at it .", 'ayo, the Wu is back. Makin\' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I\'m Super Cat. Rather do than die, check my flavor . "i bake the cake, then take the cake," he says, "like déjà vu, not you!"', "don't you feel sometimes. Don't think it's about time. You turn the page and move on? . before your love runs out. i'm love..sick. I'm lovesick.", "gloomy soul lay there on the hilltop. so evil that the flowers around withered . because the figure's soul was a shadow, it settled over the woods and withered away . david beckham: if you want to know more about the evil power9, you need to read this article .", "born with insight and a raised fist. A witness to the slit wrist . born with vengeance, a badge, and gun. born to rage against 'em. Know your enemy. Come on .", "the man in the box. The joining.. of.. the tin man. Drinking..don't go.. with conspiracy . Na Nah Na Na Naah.. na n a x3 .", 'the future hates cast asleep but the film remains . master slave, I burn fast on sinking ships. and I can talk, I place pride on tick and tock . where others float, you and I crash land .', "i was that kid drinkin' 40's on the bleachers. Getting home too late, fallin' on my face. Way too drunk to skate. and actin' a fool . i fuckin' hated school, except for hanging out with my friends. The outcast that was startin' up a band.", "if you step into the ring be prepared to swing!! . xen & otep -- a volatile combination. Destroy your revelations. Defeat is bittersweet, soon you'll be tastin.", "bob greene: she's a little bit manic, completely organic. doesn't panic for the most part . he says she loves to drive and thinks cowboy hats make her look fat . greene says she loved Michael Jackson up until he made Bad . she says when she goes home, she takes me as I am, and that ain't easy .", "cnn's richard quest: let me lie on grasses green. on my mother earth I lean . under burning sun. through my veins she runs. Her and I are one . quest: feel my burning tears. Heal me through as I lie .", "bob greene: i wupped Batman's ass. he was a fucking asshole in the first place . greene says he knocked me to the floor. Batman beat the hell out of me . the jackoff was running me amok, he says, and called me a bum .", "john avlon: we are all just stars and we're waiting . he says if God was alive. He would hate you, anyway . voters gyrate and G-rate on election day, he writes. we've got our ABC's and our F-U-C-K .", 'bob greene: never been here before. Possibly that\'s all . he says he\'s no pioneer. Constellations stay the same. But tell me why you listen. When nobody\'s talking. What is there to know? he asks: "why do you listen?"', "crost an slánaitheoir féin . Crost, 'na chodhladh go séimh' . 'allelia' aingeal ag glaoch .", "the captain knocked me down with a spar. Pay me my money down . if i'd been a rich man's son. I'd sit on the river and watch it run . Captain worked every last dollar out of me .", "all night, i lie awake. 'Cause it's too much to take. Dreaming about the love that we could make. All day, I think of schemes. To get you next to me. I want you so bad that I can barely breathe. It's a sign of my obsession.", "donna brazile: they said we'd tear ourselves apart. and it turns out they were right . she says we've never seen you so weak and so far out of breath . but now I can't take you. Empty skin bag you're my cum rag, she says .", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges you to be a polite girl . show your dad respect and wait until your father gets home . cynthia schneider: i've got to show them we're worse than queer .", "I am tied to the ground. Ready to be unbound. Would you break me out and Would you help me to get out get out? Pull me out!. I long for the same old aim. I'm bound in bitter sorrow - I know, I want out, but I can't .", "'Cause we're dying of admiration here. Mastering obscure alternatives. Between the dialogue, lovers run. New decisions we won't decide. And still afraid of every word . Love remains unsatisfied. Zero down to zero. Submerging in every man. ' Catch me as best you can.'", 'the words are softly spoken. Only echoing the emptiness i feel . i turn and almost see your face. for a moment my heart stops . please baby find your way. back home to me .', "heart forgives, heart gives away. whoever gives you the rain now, he's feeling bad . do you ever think about me?. it's so disgusting I don't want it! . when you're lonely, maybe you are thinking about me .", "do you think we can't feel it too?. do you want to see this last or do you even care?. our sweetest memory is gone. Give it up, give it up. Because the end is near. here we are.", "i'm a man of the world. but my heart is heavy. and my hope is gone . all I want is to know that you're there. You're going to give me all your sweet . my body's aching, but my dreams are all the company I keep .", "who's to know if your soul will fade at all?. the one you sold to fool the world . you lost your self esteem along the way . whoa, you're such a fucking hypocrite .", 'KG really fuckin\' blew a synapse, now we\'re headed for a total collapse . never underestimate the power of KG . KG: "if i go to prison, hide the pick in my ass. ... let me try to fill up your hole"', "the land of the free built on slavery. her consciousness is in captivity . the promised land is in the lion's den . amerimacka. It's like licking honey off of a knife .", 'a potion. that I can motion. A magic stick, where I can cast my spell? . and get rid of the dates from hell. The dates are not very swell;. These dates, from hell . we\'ve all had them;. these dates. We all hate them . i\'m not a genious. but i don\'t want an idiot neither"', "some say you can learn a lot from books. Thrill right to second-hand living . you took chances well within your means . sibella, we don't make sense together. but my heart's with you .", "erase the veins of this dateline. As it tells the story. of this Roman fracture space time cliché . i can't believe, et tu, Brute? Unfolding. Under the breath, under the fall Caligula time warp .", 'the bones of our child crumble like chalk. O where do we go now but nowhere . i remember a girl so bold and so bright. Loose-limbed and laughing and brazen and bare . behind the locked gates an old donkey mopes .', 'if the kids are united!. they will never be divided!. if they stand together it will just be the start . freedom is given, speak how you feel. they can lie to my face but not to my heart .', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to be a better person . this week\'s theme is "you make me come. You make me complete. (Yeah, yeah) You make my life completely miserable," says boot camp .', "your eyes tell. Of a star's death. Its house drained. Of the night holding within its claim . the light pending to pay its debts. The light awaiting to pay it debts . john avlon: if you want to see this graveyard, you have to look at the leaves .", "you can't remember how she kissed and now you've got the chance to find out . it took a long time to get right, it took months of practice and months of embarrassment . but now you know it inside out; it's as much yours as it is hers .", "the last known survivor of the eye of the tiger fights his prey in the night . he's watching us all, stacking the odds 'til we take to the street' just a man and his will to survive .", '"Moderate rock" singer and guitarist stevie wonders if he\'s had a heart attack . "out of town, out of sight, is my heart. Queen of lies, not today, my heart," he says .', "Manifest destiny is a satire about the downfall and the businesses that burnt us all . it's a sketch in my notebook. and now dope hooks make punks take another look . 'it's just another bombtrack, uh, and it goes a one, two, three .", "she's just so mmm. She's got it all figured out. she knows what everything's about . but she stumbles when she talks about. so maybe we shouldn't talk about. . she gives thanks for what they gave her. Man, they practically made her .", "bob greene: you were my mad little lover. in a world where everybody fucks everybody else over . he says there is no knowledge but I know it. there's nothing to learn from that vacant voice . greene says it's good to hear you're doing so well, but really can't you find somebody else .", "she's got Bette Davis eyes. and she'll tease you. She'll unease you. All the better just to please ya . ferocious and she knows just. What it takes to make a pro blush .", 'bob greene: I want to be like Sister Veronica, who\'s life connects with so many lives . he says small planes are here, but they don\'t make it through. they\'re never out . greene says he never can say what he means by "small planes"', "don't worry 'bout me. I'll get along. Forget about me. Be happy, my love. Let's say that our little show is over. Why not call it a day the sensible way. And still be friends. Should always be the rule. Don't you be a fool.", "i'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh! ). but you keep fronting, uh. Sayin' what you gon' to do to me . but I ain't seen nothing. I'm a sexy mama (Mama) who knows just how to get what I wanna .", "i can't believe you're leaving. just when i let you in, and. When you had me believing. i could feel again. our moods change like the seasons . being your half-boyfriend was only half bad . as i wander through Union Square .", "bob greene: I wonder if you could wake up . he says you're no good. self-sodomize once more. Whore, slut, et fragile and tight. a reckless mangled conscience. with only the imbalance of evils.", "i'm comin' at ya!!!. a shoot - a pain - with the knife between my teeth . and then i leave you in cold blood!!!! . i realise what i could get instead. . in the lion's throat I stand and wanna know!!! .", 'Ikea sells furniture for college kids and divorced men . if you don\'t have a home you can buy one there . Ikea: "i just bought a table for 60 bucks. And a chair and a lamp"', 'Gotta make a move to a town that\'s right for me . a-won\'t you take me to funkytown? . "i wanna go" to . Funkytown .', "cnn's robert mccarthy says he'd given his nurse the weekend off . he says a cow and her pyjamas clung to him like a shroud . but he knew if his nurse had been here. she would never in a thousand years .", 'david rothkopf: i sit here waiting for the world to end, but it never ends . he says everything he used to be has spiraled into insanity . she says she suffers, wading through endless waves of empty disdain .', "can't you see if i could be anything. I want to be I would be you see. if you say everything will want to go your way. I will turn you away as easily as I turned you into me.", "bob greene: if you try me once, you'll beg for more. I wanna keep my reputation. I'm a sensation . he says i can boogie, but as i need a certain song. I can't go wrong. no sir. i don't feel very much like talking. no walking. you wanna know if I can dance? greene says he'll give you one more chance.", "sally kohn: if i could change the currents of our lives, i would see you tonight . samuel taylor: i'd stay forever here to wait for your love . she says if I could make the river flow where it's run dry, he'd be a prodigal of father time . but he says love could find a way. if it could see beyond the here and now .", "cynthia schneider: i've had every promise broken, there's anger in my heart . she says if you did you'd find yourself doing the same thing too . schutter: you don't know what it's like, you don’t have a clue .", "sally kohn: i laid you to rest just as fast as you turned on me . she says you're my tragedy, and this place of pleasure are masked by your misery . kahlil: you don't need to lie to me. Lie to me, if you can't find a reason .", "there's songs to make you smile. There's sad songs. but with an happy song to sing . to me came this melody. i've tried to put in words how i feel . tomorrow will be for you and me. I am singing of tomorrow. I'm singing of love .", "'Cause I just wanna be lonely tonight. Just me and my maker in this cold moon light. Yeah yeah oh yeah, alright. 'I haven't heard your voice in two weeks now. Anticipations been wearing me thin. And I just can't help but wonderin baby if somehow. We can tear these pages out and begin again.", "'if I'm to fall. Would you be there to applaud. Or would you hide behind them all. 'Cause if I have to go. In my heart you grow. And that's where you belong.", 'a big pill but you know that you need a poison . open, you need it but I returned the point of acceptance . how brave, your parades never do much. Violence!. Hopeless fight!. Call it straight!', 'i\'m Ice-T, the original gangster from south central, fool, where everything goes . "6 N\' the Mornin" was the real shit. when i wrote about parties, someone always died . i rap for brothers just like myself. Dazed by the game in a quest for extreme wealth.', 'Instrumental', "africa is my descent. I dwell within a land that's meant. Meant for many men not my tone . the blood of God is my defence. Let it drip down to my seed . from kings and queens becomes a prince .", "Jojo dig those spinning lights. Way out games and dizzy heights below him . man its way below him. Yeah yeah. Jojo. How low can you go? he's got a gun. Though he wouldn't mean to .", "before I go, I'm hangin' a cross on a nail. I hung one for you now. Girl, lay your shame to rest. Then hold the lies close to your breast. You stoop to feed the crows. Some scraps of truth already cold.", "bob greene: I figure that I might not make it. and I'm waking empty but seldom sleeping . he says the words repeat breathin histories. Into stories untold but I unfold. see now quality is what you see now.", "the angel falls from heaven. his wings torn by his god. another drop among the rains. his body crossed the clouds. to land on earth, trembling. of an angel, there's only the face left. The purity of its white complexion.", "the only way out is to die. God has spoken through his conscience . as i scream, aim and fire, the death toll grows higher . i'm a savage, a murderer . my brothers dead around me. Wounds are hurting .", "my old man's a dustman. he wears cor-blimey trousers. and he lives in a council flat . when he picks up his bins up. He spills some on the step . one old man got nasty. And to the council wrote. next time he went 'round there. He punched him .", "margaret hoover: we will lie like river stones rolling only where it takes us . she says the lapping waves are licking quietly at our ankles. another bow another breath this brilliant chill's come for the shackle . when the waves came crashing down, she says, he closed his eyes and softly kissed her .", "the black and white blues. Oh yeah I got 'em in color. The fifth gripping week. An absolute might. One of the years. Best ain't sayin' much. They're throwin' us trunks.", "eric liu: hands, wounded feet. Taken down, left to bleed. forces let this go. Forces let it go. Drag me kicking, screaming. Torn red, revealing. he says if you dream of me, retrace steps in case you dream about me . lilu: i'm a shaman. i want to be a hero. I want you to be my hero .", "i've been knockin' on that door in my sleep. Fighting the fireplace glow . brother, I'm so sorry that you watched the paintings burn . i can't hide the dirty paths down that carpet anymore .", "it's so easy to walk out on love. Take your time if the going gets tough . if you want your love to grow. you gotta stick together. hand in glove. Hold tight, don't fight. hang on to your love.", "high blood drumming on your skin, it's so tight. You feel my heat, I'm just a moment behind . I'll be upon you by the moonlight side. I smell like i sound, lost in a crowd .", "bob greene: there's a place in the sun for anyone who has the will to chase one . he says he's been zig-zagged all over the country, and he can't find a safe haven . greene says his heart is open to you. let me kiss you, ohh .", "my little brother just discovered rock & roll . there's a noise in his head, and he's out of control . he made me a tape of bootlegs and B-sides .", "you can best believe that, he's a macho man. Ready to get down with, anyone he can . Machos have their own life style and ideals . he likes to be the leader, never dresses grand .", "bob greene: as you listen to the band don't you get a bubble? he says you'll forget your trouble. if you go into your dance. you will forget your woe . greene says he's a butcher, banker, clerk, clerk and grocer. let yourself go.", "'til I see your form reflected. In its clear and jeweled waters.' 'if you think I'm ready. you may lead me to the chasm. Where the rivers of our vision. Flow into one another.' I will want to dive beneath. The white cascading waters.", "we play for kicks, not just for credit . we stop the clock, we know how to make the boys rock . do the girls agree. or do the drinks taste better when they're free? . if you've got a free drink, you can get it for a fraction of the price .", '"Onto the paper scribe I the words that fro my heart move -. With every dight letter, with the ebb of ink. The point of the quill my penmanship doth mirror;."', "we have all the love in the world. Time enough for life to unfold . with the cares of the world far behind us, every step of the way will find us . nothing more, nothing less, only love . if that's all we have, you will find we need nothing more .", 'love is a flower, from that a bud. To spread its sunshine and make us love . God is watching you, oh, yes, He is. Let that flower bloom all over you, you and me .', "denial, anger, bargaining, depression, just a few. Stages of acceptance that it's really over . i had your back, I held you up, I told you you were good enough . you fed your love to me like crumbs to pigeons in the park .", 'i took a trip to the year 3000. This song had gone multi-platinum . everybody bought our seventh album. It had outsold Michael Jackson . i saw everything. Boy bands, and another one. And another one . I drove around in a time machine .', 'it was hard to love a man like you. Goodbye was half the words you knew . in a life built out of only goodbyes. Is there even room for you to try? . while you was waiting for me not to call .', "bob greene: this is the first day of my last days. I built it up, now I take it apart . he says he's the one without a soul. i'm the one with this big fucking hole . greene says i want to but I can't turn back .", 'amphetamine raised her since three. He was a hope to be gutter king . both unraveled at their seams. That were never sewn . Walk with me as they walked with them. All their devils and all their demons .', "made twenty-one. i spell M A N, man. A full grown lover man. I'm a rollin' stone. The line I shoot will never miss. The way I make love to 'em. They can't resist.", "blinded by the lights I saw reflecting in everybody's eyes . we left after dark, the sun had fallen for the moon . and all the moments raced, its going way too fast its way too soon . now I'm stuck right here reeling in the slack .", "bob greene: people steal from you. They take anything they choose . he says it's good to see you. I wanted to mean everything to you . but you keep coming back disassembled and i. keep losing this fight . greene says he's a good person, but he doesn't want to be a bad person .", "niggas: 'i'm a slave 'til my home is the grave.' he'll bust you and be Swayze. stop acting like a baby, mind your business, lady. 'ooh, that's how Ruff Ryders roll.'", "bob greene: i pray you'll be our eyes. Help us to be wise . he says when stars go out each night. Remind us where you are. Let this be our prayer. When shadows fill our day. Lead us to a place. Guide us with your grace.", "do you remember Hullabaloo, upbeat, Shindig and Ed Sullivan too? bob greene: it's the end, the end of the 70's. It's end, end of century . he says we need change, we need it fast. before rock's just part of the past . greene says we're going to have a rock and roll radio show this weekend .", 'there is no terror in my heart. Death is with us all. Desire for paradise to be . no I don\'t want your "Us or them". I live in knowledge of real truth . you live in knowing of truth. And all my Gods are great!', "just an urchin living under the street, i'm a. hard case that's tough to beat . you treat it like a capital crime, everybody's doing the time . why I'm here, I can't quite remember . Captain America's been torn apart, now .", 'donna brazile: "stay and we\'ll see" is not the same as being . she says it\'s different to settle or fight.. but it isn\'t the same to be fair that you\'ll just see . we don\'t sell the voice.. door, and air that suffocates me, she says .', "nearly two million americans are incarcerated in the prison system . john avlon: drug money is used to rig elections and train brutal dictators around the world . they're tryna build a prison, they say, for you and me to live in, he says .", "I'm not the anti-Christ or the iron man. but I still love the feeling I get from you. I hope you'll never stop 'cause it gets me through yeah. The feelings that I hide behind. Sometimes reality's unkind. I dread the long and lonely nights .", "bob greene: when you were around, it felt so safe. But now something's changed . he says I was waiting patiently. but you never came. I realize it now, won't ever be the same, again . greene says if you're doing fine, i don't know. i guess that means. I'm no good no more .", "have no envy and no fear. Have no envy. No fear. every day we try to find. We search our hearts and our minds. The place we used to call our home. Can't be found when we're alone.", "time to time i have to wait. it's the idea, and it is often condemned . your gaze penetrates again.. My faraway pupils . uh, don't let me die like that.. Uh, let me fall into the trap3.", 'the joke is on you, this place is a zoo. You\'re right, it\'s true. He said he can\'t decide. Oh, I just can’t remember. Raised in Carolina. She says, "I don\'t see it that way".', "when you're overly confident. Then it's over before beginning the good part . everybody fades away;. waves carrying them away . O'Malley, run. used to be the underdog .", "footprints on the other side. Remind me where I've been, oh yeah . it pulls me over and it drags me under . I'll watch the wheels. While you're turning back . but it's not my kind of scene .", "bob greene: i'm crushing. Destroying their will. A figure of speech. out of my reach . he says he's come to bury you today. no family, no funeral, no rosaries for. Slain on this hillside. My silent grave!. My silence!. That's where you lay!. Buried. Dead bodies behind. Their last words are still etched. Clearly into his mind.", "she likes the way it's pulling while we're tilling up the land . she's even kind of crazy 'bout my farmer's tan . if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up .", 'death becomes clearer through bloodshot eyes . discard the old and in with the new . this is animal liberation. eight billion killed for human pleasure . look down on junkies. A new hypocritical look and ambition .', "I didn't ask to be born. Sadness, sorrow. Everything so alone. Laboratory sickness. Infects humanity. No hope for cure. Die by technology. A world full of shit coming down. Tribal violence everywhere. Life in the age of terrorism.", "the man in the street dragging his feet. Imagine your face there at his place. Standing inside his brown shoes. You do his nine to five. Drag yourself home half alive. And there on the screen. A man with a dream. I heard it was you. Talking 'bout a world where all is free. It just couldn't be. Only a fool would say that.", "baby, don't give in. if we try, we can begin again. i know what we've been through . but I still think of you. Whenever I get lonely. ... Whenever i get down .", "bob greene: if you've got nowhere to go, hang your head and take my hand . he says he used to count in millions then, but now he only counts in one . greene says it's the saddest song he's ever heard .", "we're like a masterpiece. Kicked from our pedestal when Darwin burnt the book . we are the machines. Carrying our various genes. Then discarded . when the job is done. We are the disciples. Who have lost our way .", "i'm sweeter and thicker than a Chick-O-Stick . i was on 125 and Saint Nick. Waiting on a cab, standing in the rain. under my heart three clouds of pain . I fought with her substance and almost ended up in Supreme Court .", "hate a sick mom with a fucked dad . hate me, hate me . i can't live that lie . inside my heart dies. your dreams never achieved . don't lay that shit on me. let me live my life .", "all the clouds blew away. Got no trouble today. With anyone. The smile on your face. Tomorrow may rain with sorrow. here's a little time we can borrow. All we've got right now, the only thing that, all that we really have to do. Lay here and watch the trees sway.", 'if the thunder cloud passes rain. let it rain, rain down on he. so let it be. sleep, sleep tonight. and may your dreams be realized . he1: if he passes rain, let it fall on him. if it rains, let the rain fall .', "some call it tampje. Tampje. Some call it marijuana. Marijuana. ganja. Legalize it, yeah, yeah. and I will advertise it. doctors smoke it. Nurses smoke it, judges smoke it . it's good for asthma, tuberculosis .", 'come on, little girl, in my comic strip. Come make bubbles, come make wips. Clips, craps, bangs, vlops and zips. Shebam, pow, blop, wizz.', 'aaron carroll: our skin worn thin. our bones exposed. life reduced to ticks . he says we crashed upon this earth. years, they passed and so did we . carroll says resistance would be formed if we stayed on this earth .', "the hand of God just smacked you back into yesterday . blinded by your sacred faded past times, only time is your enemy . granted a second chance to prove that your arrogance is... it's stronger than you can be .", "there's been no one like you. Trusted and true. I just wanna be loved by you. like a soul boy. Take me as I am boy, hold me while you can. There's not a woman in the world. Lovin' you better than I do. I don't wanna kiss no one else.", "once upon a time there was light in my life. but now there's only love in the dark . a total eclipse of the heart is a complete transformation of the human heart . it's a transformation from a shadow to a light . the light is the only thing in the universe as magical as you are .", '"i\'ve got this fucking rim going on out here," i\'m gonna shout out to my home boy . "i could find another hundred ways to get my shit!" i thought that\'s how you felt about the motherfucker.', 'ah, say ooh. Say zoom, come on. Say it out, turn it out. Say turn, say turn. Say say, say, turn . Say, say. Say you don t know me yet. Say oh, you re a jive .', "i don't give a damn what people think. i can take a leak in the kitchen sink. 'cause i've got waffles, and i have beer. and he's got Mr. Belvedere.' i hate that Woody, I hate Diane. Frasier and Norm and that dumbass mailman.", "i caught you lying to yourself. Now everything is speeding 'round and around . i'm a fool to watch but never say. I think you fell in deeper than you imagined . it's so simple when you know who you are . but maybe we were wrong... When will you know .", "Soul deep is the love I'm feeling inside. I always rise above whenever I try . only i can make me feel this way. and nobody else . when I feel down and feel dismayed it's always me who pulls me through .", "if lady luck gets on my side. we're gonna rock this town alive. I'll let her rough me up. 'Till she knocks me out.' 'Cause she walks like she talks. And she talks like she walks. She bangs, she bang. Oh baby when she moves, she moves. I go crazy 'cause she looks like a flower. But she stings like . a bee. Like every girl in history.", 'twenty year old Frankie Teardrop is trying to survive in a factory . he\'s gonna kill his wife and kid . "oh, what have I done?!" he shouts at his wife . but he can\'t make it .', "i can shake 'em down. (Work, work) Ah, work it out baby. I can mash-potato . and I can do the twist. (Dance). Now tell me baby. (Tell me baby).", 'Instrumental', "john avlon: i'm like the cancer in your system. i didn't believe in your institutions . he says something inside of me. It screams the loudest sound. sometimes i think I could. I look down from where you're standing. Flock of sheep out on display.", "a little collie weed to ease I grief. Too much insanity living in the limits of big city . rise this morning smile with the sun. Oh I'm blessed another day has begun . everything in life has its purpose. Find its reason it has its season .", "i'm a freak to the core. get a dose once, you gon't want some more . i have a thug nigga breakin records. and the time is (One minute, six seconds) i am the baddest chick. (Shorty don't believe me, then come with me tonight. And I'll show you magic)", "aaron carroll: all I've said, all I say to you. How strong, brave, true of you . he says after all the words are said. After all the dreams we made. Every one a precious one. a summer sun. A moment lost, forever gone. Can never be again.", "didn't i hear you cry this morning, didn't you feel you weep? in my dream of laughter, you came creepin' with your fears . that's a strange way to tell me you love me. when your sorrow is all I can see .", "i'd like to find the guy who stuck my butt up on this christmas tree . who put the stump? who took and jammed it. who took that bush. and crammed it in my tush?", "I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more . I try my best to be just like me, but everybody wants you to be like them . if you're not happy with what you've done, you can't do it . it's a shame, the way she makes me insane .", "i don't really care 'bout the bridges i had to burn. i just chalk them up as lessons I had to learn...there's . with you I have all things without you i have nothing . just like oceans need a shoreline. so they won't spill away .", "the heat and humidity is at an all time high, particularly cruel to anyone with heart or respiratory problems . if it's beef, put down the peace down, throw up your dukes . take the day off, hit the park and just hang. Barbeque, roll a few, and put up your deuce.", "on the way to your house. I feel blue, I feel a stutter without you. Does this light have a chance?. On the way back to your room. I?m alive, I'm flutter, I?am a bloom. And time stands still.", "my mother was a witch, she was burned alive. Thankless little bitch for the tears . as I watched my mother die, I lost my head . Taking no chances, you come with me. i'll split you to the bone, help set you free .", "I can't go wrong. In a mellow tone. If you mope and groan. Something's gotta give. Just go your way. And laugh and play. There's joy unknown. I've got company.", '"i took a death trip when i tried to cross the white walls" "i\'m sending paper south under the barbed wire. the mother of my child will lose her mind at my grave" "it\'s my life for their life, so call it a free trade," he says .', "'Til morning is nigh. Be near me, Lord Jesus. I ask Thee to stay. Close by me forever. And love me I pray. Bless all the dear children. In Thy tender care. And take us to heaven.", 'edward mccaffery: i failed to impress you, and you. Feel free to abuse me . he says my life was invaded by you. years have been wasted on you . but the world keeps spinning. Unleashed. No more hiding. Leaving deadlands. Release me. on your own. Bitter and old. Dead and gone .', 'this world in sin, of plagues and pain. we fall, we crawl. this war was heard around the world. they fought this war like never before. today I wake, the wall has fallen. they worship no more. and the temple is gone. all ears will hear, unleash within.', "bob greene: i wanna swim in the wattershed. I wanna listen to the flowerhead . he says i'm so pissed at all the disc jam. I miss it and can't wait. take that to the bank and call it a check . greene says he lost a gallon and still bled. I keep on thinking I get ahead .", '‘Cause I fucking hate you. You’re such a liar. And I’d love to hang you . you’re all the same to me. When you repeatedly. Take advantage of me. The only thought i get of you sickens me .', 'ruben navarrette: let your little light shine. Shine on the dazzling darkness . he says the vain old god. who threw away. who kept Dickens, Rembrandt, Beethoven . the Catholic Church. and the prisons that it owns. they all love less and less, he writes .', "ev'ry time we say goodbye I die a little. why the gods above me who must be in the know . lark somewhere waiting to sing about it. there's no love song finer . but how strange the change from major to minor .", 'three imaginary boys. Slipping through the door. Hear my heart beats in the hallway. Echoes. Round and round. Inside my head. Drifting up the stairs. I see the steps behind me. Disappearing.', 'angel, put sad wings around me now. Protect me from this world of sin . angel: "it\'s all you want, for you and me. Angel won\'t you set me free" "when i close my eyes, i hear your velvet wings and cry. i\'m waiting here with open arms"', 'if i needed you to map your position. Would you try it?. you told me stop talking. No more conversation. Necessary. Show me the warrior you\'re gonna be . "it\'s the last dance don\'t you see."', 'you need wings to fly. You need someone to take your place. When you are gone. 1-800-SUICIDE. Or maybe Doctor Online could help you die . If you dont wish to die - please hang up now . if you want death by self inflicting gunshot - press 4. To speak to a representative, stay on the line .', "I've got something against you. I'm one happy prick4you . i'm going to use it. if you don't mind, you're not going to be able to do it .", "whip it. Into shape. Shape it up. Get straight. Go forward. Move ahead. Try to detect it. It's not too late. To whip it . Well, whip it good. if you whip it, you'll never live it down .", "donna brazile: you've stolen lies and broken dreams. no man can be a deity . she says the betrayed will now see the truth, and the broken-hearted will heal . but she says we'll be there to see you fall. you are no god to me. this is a reckoning . brazil: you are nothing to me, and we will be there. to see your fall .", "cnn's richard quest left his home and family when he was 17 years old . he prayed for mother Russia as they drove the germans back . but now only one thing remains. the brute will to survive .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to stand your ground . this week\'s challenge is "fuck you, fuck your, i will get over you" if you believe half the things that we\'ve done. you must\'ve did them too .', "dean obeidallah: the war machine keeps turning. Death and hatred to mankind . he says politicians hide themselves away. why should they go out to fight? he asks: why not treat people just like pawns in chess? if they don't die, they'll die. if there's no more war pigs, they won't have the power .", "donna brazile: there won't be another dawn. we will reap as we have sown. Always the same . she says men must try to develop in themselves and their children. Liberation from the sense of self. men must be free from boundaries, patterns and consistencies.", "bob greene: when you go will you send back. Take a look up the railtrack. From Miami to Canada . he says we should have held you. but you know our sense of timing. we wait too long . greene says we've all claimed we love her. Do we not have to roam the world?", "i used to think my life was passin' by . but then one day i got a visit from the cable company . and now i get to watch the stock report in Korean and midget wrestling on channel three . it costs me fifty bucks a month just to see 'em .", 'cnn\'s john sutter has been a skeptic since the abduction of his best friend . he\'s been gone since yesterday . "there\'s something very wrong. And I know it must be late," he says .', "time has had its way with me. my broken, tired hands can't build a thing . despite what you will find in me. the failures of my past still swell beneath . when the walls start collapsing again. give me a soul that never ceases to follow .", "don't be fooled by the rocks that i got . i'm still, still Jenny from the block . used to have a little, now i have lots . no matter where I go I know where I came from .", 'don\'t let go of my hand. now darkness has gone. and this will be our year. Took a long time to come. And I won\'t forget. The way you held me up when I was down. "Darling, I love you". You gave me faith to go on.', "john sutter: i'm running hot. i can't deny the flame that burns inside me . he says he's hotter and hotter as the days go on. No need, no need to ever burn out . gasoline for breakfast, Napalm for lunch. hotte for lunch, hotter for dinner .", "donna brazile: your kisses are wasted on me. don't send me wild . she says boy, can't you see we're through?. boy, get out of my face. Boy, I'm going back out to chase . you might cry. for some time. (but you don’t know it). and you might try. to hold my hand again.", 'frida ghitis: religion has raped us. forever we rehearse the song. that strips our throats to blood . she says we bare our souls in transparency. but are you holding on? she says a field of human crucifixes, weathered and fading. we feel our lives. Sifting through our hands.', "cnn's jarrett bellini talks about the things that he's been through . he says we can work at our love. And make it all brand-new. if we stay together, there's nothing we can't do .", 'runaway girl. You only stand to break my heart. I can tell it by the way you run away . do you expect me to wait here? (All alone in my thoughts and fears) my whole life could flash before your eyes .', "happiness is like the feather. That the wind goes by the air. Flies so light . my happiness is dreaming. In my girlfriend's eyes. It's like tonight . Speak down please. For her cheer up like the day. Offering kisses of love .", 'love hangs herself. With the bed sheets in her cell. Threw myself on fires for you . love hates you. I live my life in ruins for you. and for all your secrets kept . i swear, I said, I fit right in. my love burns through everything .', "there's no smile of an angel. Without the wrath of God . baby, with you. My darling with you . from lashes to ashes and from lust to dust. in your sweetest torment, I'm lost .", 'bob greene: it is the year of death. wielding his instruments. Stealth sovereign reaper. Touching us with ease. Infecting the roots in an instant. he says we have all lost it now. catching the flakes of dismay. Born the travesty of man.', "side two was about the tortured young and old . side two will show you how it's meant to be . we're dying now. He helps us out . who wants to know the names of those. who lived through execution?", "there is a place. A place in hell. Reserved. For me and my friends . and if ever i. Wanted to cry. Then i will. Because i can1 cry. And if i want to cry, i'll cry .", "ayachuco, flechettes. Kiss me with the lisp of your shrapnel caress. lost this arm, lost this leg, lost a diving board. a belly flopped proposal of let's be friends . all we are are failed attempts. Propelled by stilt-leg presidents.", 'dude cruise into a bar on the shore. She\'s a long lost love at first bite . backstage we\'re having the time. Of our lives until somebody said. "Forgive me if I seem out of line"', "the beautiful girls are not beautiful. the warm hands are so cold. Laughing is no longer healthy and soon . I'm looking for you behind the light. Where are you?. I don't want to be that alone.", "it's been a year or two since i was out on the floor . i wanna go back, yeah . and i don't even know how I got off the track. I wanna get back . but i want sugar in my tea .", "bob greene: i've lived a life for wealth to bring, but yet I'll gaze. At the colour of spring . he says one song among us all. Soar the bridges that i burnt before . greene says he's left in love with everything .", 'devious to those unknown. He walks below the land. Alluring victims to their death. Perish to the sand. Master of the blackened arts. Living his decree. Thrives amongst the seven gates. Searching for the keys.', "after the first embrace from you. my senses knew the look of love was in your eyes . we drift to heaven bringing in the morning light . and after all is said and done. there's only us we can make it right .", '\'i\'m not myself lately, I\'m foolish, i don\'t do this. i\'ve been playing myself, baby, \'cause your love\'s got the best of me. \'Cause you got me sprung and \'you\'re making a fool of me,\' he says . "you got me looking so crazy right now (Your love) .', "bob greene: i'm an axegrinder, piledriver. I'm like a laser, six-streamin' razor . he says he wants to be over-rated; he's a finder and a keeper . greene says we're all metal mad, it's all you have to have .", "pistol grip pump on my lap at all times. 'Cause tricks be out for your blind side. Never understood it, but remember I showed you' 'If you're ever in trouble, sucka, i got a million. Styles around me. Are we getting along? We family, we better be.", "in a dark woods paved with snow living all alone . I let my golden arrow fly to the bottom of the night . no hounds to guide me no army at my back. i'm gonna stand up .", "denise is back on the outside. That she's calling in the Gong sisters again. To form the ultimate five chord band . for eight months now. She's been knockin' ideas around . here comes the H-Gang. Slammin' into Hinktown. Oh, you better get off the stage, boys. Unless you're ready for a showdown .", "whoo!. Out of my mind on Saturday night. 1970 rollin' in sight. Radio burnin' up above. Beautiful baby, feed my love. All night 'til I blow away . I feel alright, I feel aright .", "there's a big day coming. About a mile away. I can hardly wait . i woke up early. Couldn't go back to sleep. Cause I'd been thinking . I want to hold your hand. We don't have to talk .", "bob greene: my prayer for you is there for you, ever true . he says when you come to me. and hold me close to you. I bless you. And you bless me, too. when your weary heart is tired. if the world would leave you uninspired. when nothing more of love's desired. my blessing goes with you.", "bob greene: I've been working in this factory for fifteen years . he says all this time, he watched my woman. Drownin' in a pool of tears . greene says he's seen alot of good folk die. who had a lot of bills to pay .", "can you feel it, see it, hear it today? if you can't, then it doesn't matter anyway . it's like walking on glass, but it knocks you off your feet . you lay down on it and you dare it, and you tear it .", "'i'm not even close to over you. Tellin' the truth. Got me shaky. There's nothing I won't do. To get you right back next to me. The way it's supposed to be.", "I don't care about the state of my hair. I got something out of nothing . Dreams of escape keep me awake. I'm a stone dead tripper. Dying in a fantasy . like a cracked open sky it helps you to die.", "bob greene: it's been a year since we met, and now we're all alone . he says you said. Never, never. Would I leave. Here's a tear. From me to you . greene says in a dream you are here. You smile and hold me near. And in my heart.", 'bob greene: when we look back at it all as i know we will. You and me wide-eyed. I wonder will we really remember? he says we always have to turn away. Always have to go back to real lives . real lives are why we stay. For another dream, another day. for another world, for another way .', "i don't doubt. I know you know me. It's about. The words that throw me . if there's no pattern. To what we do. i know. That only logic . When there is magic. Between me and you. All. Of a sudden. Now you are hidden. From my view. How. Do I get you back?", "don't let no one play you a fool, like throwing a stinky drink at you . if someone drops you on the floor. and you just don’t know who did it. just flick your hair and try to kick .", 'you do not know if you go or come. Little cares if money is yours . Pass tomorrow and take what is your. The makeup will break . You gave soft then I land a goal. Zero to zero.', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to deal with inner city pressure . this week\'s topic is "the city is alive, the city is expanding" it\'s all about pawning everything, everything you own . when you\'re unemployed there\'s no vacation .', "i'm running after time and I miss the sunshine. i do the best I can not to worry about things . like a vagabond in the distance. Looking for a song to sing . summer days will come, happiness will be mine .", "i wrote this song about you. just to let you know that i hate your guts. and i think you suck . I hate the way you look, (you make me sick), (I wanna punch you in the face) i can't stand you all. (You drive me insane) this is your song. congratulations. You're immortalized. I love so much .", "just live and let die . if life is just a fantasy, then could you? if so, then would you? just live your, live your life and let us die, but no, it's impossible . the hardcore that ain't hard anymore? now guess who's next .", "bob greene says he's hardly getting used to getting by . he says his parents wonder when they both are going to die . greene: if they die, they'll wonder what do they do when they are gone .", "'Cause sad songs and waltzes. Aren't selling this year. It's a good thing that I'm not a star. You don't know how lucky you are. Though my record may say it. No one will play it .", "donna brazile: I don't go out. Not now that you're in. But that's no problem . she says sometimes I get frightened. you can see my eyes, you can tell that i'm not lying . but sometimes, she says, I feel uneasy. You show me. Tell me you've not teasing . brazil: if you'd like to know why I'm afraid, you have to show me .", 'the sun rose (Don, Don!). Daddy and the Jamaica crew asked for reggaeton . "there\'s no argument.. we don\'t fail.. King of Kings!" he said . he says he\'s made them victims of evolution .', "bob greene says he's lost and alone, but he always takes the long way home . he says love's the only thing he has ever known . greene: we can finally be alone. Let's go out past party lights .", 'Is it heavier than air, tell us, is the black box lying? prepare to indent, a coma that read. Floating in a soundproof costume. here comes the monolith. Brass knuckles for the hissie fit.', "a river winding blue among the dunes and a marble bed. A sun that doesn't set but settles . There is no such place, so perhaps we have a reason . For our long and falling face. Above all it would be warm but we would keep our heads all .", "sonny kept his ring on. red tape so ordinary. Let's do this like a prison break . boy you just a stupid bitch. and girl you a no good dick . we're gonna keep it in the family .", "taker of innocence, I want your demise. Tear you apart for the unspeakable things you tried to hide. I fucking hate you. Every bone in my body will ache. 'Till I destroy everything you love. And fill your life with their pain.'", '"you gotta sink to swim" is a self-inflicted song about a boy who sells his love affairs . the crowds scream your name when you get on stage, "Oh, Cursive is so cool!" "hey, hey!', 'bob greene: goodbyes are hard. sometimes it comes without warning . he says we never were good at goodbyes. we were no good at them . greene says goodbyes can be difficult. but they can be a good thing .', "only you. Can make me feel. The world can disappear. Only you. Make my heart heal. 'Cause our words are whispers. Hidden up in a distant haze. Like diamonds next to sand. And I don't even know. Just what it's all about.", "bob greene: i belong with your arms wrapped around my neck. your lips glistening in the light. he says i'm here soaked right to the core. I'll stay here forever. if all the words I ever wrote. on the back of envelopes. fold into paper planes. Helicopters overhead. Wide awake at 3am.", "she's nobody's fool so I'm playing it cool as can be . i'll give it a whirl but i ain't for no girl catching me . telephone numbers - well you know .", "'i never gave a damn. I was never even a fan. The only thing that. Makes me smile is your pain. I don't even care. To say I'm not enjoying this. Would be insane. Sodium pentathol was an idea I had. But what does the truth mean now?. To all the lost souls you've grabbed?. a mass delusion, a hypocrite who'd never cop to it. You're in total control. And your", "candy came from out on the island. in the backroom she was everybody's darlin' . but she never lost her head. even when she was giving head . she says, Hey babe. Take a walk on the wild side .", "the night of timeless fire is drawing near . i flee.... Throughout the years of throe . longing for finding my way out. Leaving myself, there's nothing left for me . settled down, I'm done with the trip to my kingdom come1 .", "a jury has found MC Ren guilty of being a redneck, white bread, chicken shit motherfucker . he is accused of killing a young nigga with a gun and a fake-ass badge . but he says he didn't do 'shit' and he's a sniper with 'a hell of a scope'", "john avlon: conservative right is like a plague turning day into night . he says you're a major liar with a minor in greed. you make a profit off the people in need . his policy was to save the world because he didn't repeat .", "cnn's john sutter sells secrets he sold to british investors . he's got a watch that turns into a lifeboat, poisonous as cobras . but as she deeply moves him, she'd rather shoot me in my tracks .", "my ancestors built society by conquering the sea . can't explain the source of sour voice coming up through me . the western people. they don't know anything . we gotta have animal fat .", "a brief bout with a razorblade cut me. I freaked out, thinking people didn't love me . i watched closely as the you I knew forgot me. in letting go, i am so proud of what i've done .", "donna brazile: it's hard to survive. don't know if I can do it. keep me alive . she says if not you'll die too and i'll see to it . keep her alive. I rely on your judgement. can't turn my eyes from the past .", "when you're absolute beginners. It's a panoramic view. From her majesty Mount Zion . the original sinners. Never felt a drop of pain. Until that second in the garden . they are safe in the shade for today .", "the bala bay inn was built in 1910 . not much has changed in this hotel . but I hope that i will sometime . if you're smokin' that shit, you better get your mind right .", '"the world is ours if we could only let it be," says evrey small mistake . "our lives are weaving like a thread. Within each other, faithfully. Sharing in our joys and miseries" "we\'ll build ourselves islands upon the deepest oceans"', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to find the perfect match . this week, we\'re celebrating our 20th birthdays . "surprise motherfucker!" is one of the greatest hits of all time .', "I thank God I'm free at last. On my knees when the light pass'd by . Tho't my soul would rise and fly . ladies and gentlemen . Antony & The Johnsons .", "do you know her?. Can you hear her sigh?. With wings to fly she rolls along. Doing it wrong. Oh, I've loved her so long. There's a place that we could go. Get away for a while.", 'Instrumental', "sally kohn: been hating on my new perspective. Been hurrying along, no meal is ever done . she says sometimes I can't find my good habits. Spanish bands use all the echo. Persian kitties better stay out of the train . her coffee sure is getting colder. the seats are getting fewer. Place is losing space .", "you're gonna cry 96 tears. I'll cry. Cry. When the sun comes up. you'll be right down there. Lookin' up. Come up here. But I don't see you. Wavin' now. You're crying, cry, cry. cry, now. I wanna hear you cry, all night long.", "a hungry little boy with a runny nose roams the streets at night . he learns how to steal and fight . then one night in desperation. a young man breaks away . and his mama cries . as a crowd gathers 'round an angry young man .", "bob greene: when his soul to you. And to the world his skin. You'll have to return . he says he'll tell the suicides.. Kissing them at the forehead. God of Mercy. Your beautiful Paradise. You did it mostly.. For those who didn't smile. With a pure conscience. Hell only exists. Better than him, no one..", "bob greene: samba of my land. Leave us soft. When he sings. Everyone Bole. Who does not like it. Good guy is not. It's bad.. Or patient. he says he's a good guy, but he doesn't like a lot of people . greene says if he likes he can't sing, he should be able to sing to anyone .", "it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you. (Ring-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding! ) . we're snuggled up together like two birds of a feather would be .", 'the girl\'s a super freak. She\'s super-freaky, yow. Everybody sing . she\'ll wait for me at backstage with her girlfriends . "it\'s such a freaky scene. ... Temptations, sing!" she says .', "where i come from, it's a long thin thread. Across an ocean, down a river of red . Daddy, Daddy. It was just like you said. Now that the living. Outnumber the dead .", "bartender another. And make it a double. I can't go home. I'm in some kind of trouble. What started so innocently. Turned to sin. And I am too deep in. I threw it all away with reckless abandon.", "carte blanche, first class for the evening. Ready, set, go. All the girls stepping out for a public affair. (Who cares, let's rock, 'cause the party don't stop)", "bob greene: when i woke up this afternoon. I knew I felt uneasy. Nothing seemed to please me . he says if we wake up in full makeup. we'll paint the town blue. red is so passé. don't be silly. turn on billie. She's singing us to sleep . greene says it's funny to me. there's no doubt (in my mind). That you can't recall .", 'don\'t blame me, it just isn\'t fair . just close your eyes and count to three. (One two three). Then I\'ll be gone and you\'ll forget . "what you give is what you get," says robert mcdonald .', 'Instrumental', "'til the fourth of July, lie, liar. i'm sorry that I'm getting chubby.' 'i could scream the truth if i wanted,' says miss mac . 'you wanna take it but you can't have it,' she says .", "i'd like to tell you.. that the same thing happens to me . that we've got plenty of carinus.. and we're left with egoism . we'd give as much as I could.. for trying again . if you're suffocated with grief, you'd be a better person . you've seen me cry.. when you swear not to love me. That you make love .", "john avlon: you're anti-social. you've got a claim to fame as law and order . he says you put a price tag on what you see. if that's winning, i'd rather lose . the rich get rich, the poor get poor, he writes, and you put price on your views .", "i'm waiting for the truth not to know, all the time . i can hear your voice, too.. but you don't say anything.. I'm the only one who's gonna be with me .", "KANYE WEST was in a nearly fatal car accident last October . his jaw was fractured in nearly three places . two weeks later he recorded this song with his mouth still wired shut . for a chance at loving you, i'd gladly risk it all .", 'Joe Joe: "it\'s Christmas time now for you. and all the little bells are hanging two-by-two" "you can\'t tell the girls from the boys anymore." "you\'re going to die," he says .', "'if I go I won't be lonely, if I stay now you don't own me,' he says . 'i never said I'd be yours only, I didn't know until you told me .", "if there was a demon would you hold her?. and be a nurse by her side?. i'll take a corset of your words. Tie them up high and bind them . with arms wide open the way i do. and i want to tell the truth to you .", 'people don\'t bother saying "Hello". unless somebody\'s born or dies . drag your hopes through the mud. because their own dreams are all dying . nobody ever wants to die or get saved. their intentions aren\'t that good . i will meet you in the next life (i promise you), where we can be together .', 'it takes all these things. And all that time. Till my sugar spun sister’s happy. With this love of mine . i’ve paid. For fifteen or more. but my guts. Can’t take many more.', 'the iron side. Bucket of lead. Battle is she. Not for defeat. The iron side . "the iron side" is a bucket of lead, not for defeat . battle is she1 . if you can\'t stand, you\'ll have to go to sea .', "sally kohn: up ahead there lies your road. and your conscience walks beside you . she says the past is now your future. it bears witness to your soul. make sure love you offer up. doesn't fall on barren soil . we're taking on different roads. Tell me more about the forest. That you once called home, she says . but she says we must treat our mother well. if we give her back diamonds, she will offer up pearl .", 'no one is safe while the curfew lasts. but crusted orbs glitter, sceptres gleam . old limbs hang in the torture room. while old kings hang . their noble eyes gaze on the uneasy dance. Of the squirming body .', 'i\'m ready to meet him. \'Cause where I\'m livin\' ain\'t right, black hate white. white hate black, it\'s right back to the same fight.\' \'What have you learned?\' It\'s better to forgive and forget. "What has you learned?" I must\'ve been a fool to ever doubt You .', 'when the words of hope have all been spoken, I wash the blood from my hands . and let them lie silent and cold on the flowers . Is this poison in your womb. Worth of the burning flesh. In this pyre of ghost lovers .', "i'm sticking pins and needles in this stinging rotten flesh-like substitute . a candle rhyme to realign. Burnt out shadows on the wall seize the moment . I'm laying violent hands upon .", "honey, I know your worries.. I can feel you offended.. Believe me, I understand well . if only i needed you with me. Do you hear me say I need you? i can bear what torments you, too. I know the grotesque and the deep. In which you're drawn into which you fall.", 'last week. Kyle quit the band. now we\'re back together again . "this is our song of exultant joy, because. we only came to kick some ass." "what we gonna do with all the cash?" "smoke hash."', "bob greene: i've said and I've done things in my time and make you shiver . he says in her heart she knows she never knew me anyway . greene says if you will a person you don't care for, pick up the phone .", "shooting an arab amounts to the same. Absolutely nothing . I can turn. And walk away. Or I can fire the gun . i'm alive. I'm dead. ... ... killing an arab. I feel the steel butt jump. Smooth in my hand .", '"dream a little dream of me". just say "goodnight" and kiss me . while i\'m alone and blue as can be. Dream a dream of you and me. i linger on, dear. Still craving your kiss .', "we've gathered here to say goodbye to you . no more, you'll cry!. No reason left for you to fight . Fear has no place, no place!. Cover her face!. Holding on to you, to keep from falling .", "bob greene: my life is made of patterns. like the color of my skin. Or the day that I grow old . he says patterns can scarcely be controlled. like a child's uneven scrawl . greene says he must follow patterns from the moment of his birth to the instant of his death .", "a stumble pacifist. Christian's on my list. Cause I'm fingers and Noah's. You need to hold on . i'm doing things I wouldn't normally do. and when it comes to your touch . I wrap my tongue around. You get to be the clown. I make you feel older .", 'cnn\'s richard quest asked a lovely creature if she\'d walk with him a while . she answered, "yes", and "i\'ll walk with you" over hills, this lovely creature. over mountains, by great pyramids and sphinxs .', "niggas, a black immigrant, was shot and killed by a man he thought was a shit . he was trying to stop the inauguration of the illuminati . the murder rates are increasin', and we decreased . this is a story from the real7 . it's a true story .", "in my dream, a wonderful dream.  I just love you, I love you . I'm having fun, la-la-lay, la la-lay!. In my dream   A lovely dream .", "cnn's john sutter says he's arrogant and doesn't understand a single word he says . he stairs and nods his head. and leaves straight when it finishes . his head hurts from being on the phone. and his ears are ringing from the night before .", "take hold of my hand. For you're no longer alone. Walk with me in hell . a glimpse of a light in this void of existence . now witness the end of an age. Hope dies in hands of believers .", "baby, I just don't have anything. since you walked out on me. In walked old misery . i guess I never will ever again . baby, i'm not happy. I'm sad. I have no love to share. and no one cares.", "I trust you with my words like you're my friend . you lean into me 'cause you know that you can. Keys out, lights on. No one waiting . Now I give you my lies, all smudged with ink .", "looking out the window, what am I?. A frightened creature locked inside. My mother's hair, my father's eyes. Memories, time rearranged for you. Do they make it better? Thank God for understanding.", "bob greene says he gets a kick out of people who he doesn't adore . he says the only exception is when he's out on a quiet spree, fighting vainly the old ennui . greene: i get no kick in a plane. Flying too high with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing .", '"i\'ll put down you disco and take your heart away" is a song about a monkey with a misspelled name . it\'s sung by someone else, someone new, someone stupid just like you . do you or don\'t you want to take this hit?', 'in fiction we saw The Birth. Of Futures Yet to come . yet in Fiction lay the Bones. Ugly in their nakedness. Yet under this Mortal Sun . we cannot hide Ourselves .', "'Cause I'd be broken. 'i would be broken, without you. All the visions. Would mean nothing. I need your touching. Getting to my soul.' 'From now on, I'll always share my loving mind. i'll put my heart into your soul. .", "the flow that fucked up Jeffrey's career . i stick a nigga for his shine, sell him back the next day . my black hoodie just reek of marijuana . the more product I take, the more paper we see .", 'cnn\'s mike downey says he wants to fuck up a nigga . he tells motherfuckers he\'s the type of mothafucka that\'s built to last . when he gets fucked, he puts his foot in his ass . "i don\'t slang or bang," he says. "they ruthless!"', "my only sin. was to kill a man. deep was my pain . but all the same, i'm on my knees. beat it out, cut me up and watch me bleed . Strike me down, cast me out. Throw me into the ocean's mouth .", "michael hayden: i'm losing myself. my desire I can't hide. No reason am I for . he says he's wrong and confesses: 'i've lost myself.'", "cnn's ireport boot camp returns to the wonderous world of south central los angeles . this week, we're sharing tips on how to survive in the craziest place on the planet . if you're a black nigga, get yourself a gun and keep your hands on the steering wheel .", "move mommy I'm going crazy. You're drunk from the pump.. Thing Linda, Thing Mona Go up, get the bomb going . Boom, boom, turning around.. boom, boom . in every corner baby give me more. What a night to live. Intensely lived.", "Mikko von Hertzen. Silence. The world is still sleeping. Nobody but me and the candlelight. Another lonely day . I need your love can't make it on my own. The paperboy comes by. With news that makes me cry.", "mary j. mccarthy: if everyone smoked a blunt, relieve the mind, the world could be a better place . she says weed makes me hungry, happy, and all I can say. i can find, satisfaction in a bag of weed . the weed can't get no better (no better baby), she says, but it can make me feel alright .", "father said he was gonna give me something. Gave me hate . Brother can't even speak. he's got a tongue and two legs to walk on and he can leave . they recognize the color of the smear. Maybe I'll listen and you can read my mind .", "just do it, whatever it is . there are secret places, there are secrets . 'wake up. wake up. and do it.' 'cause awake is the new sleep' . you can find out why you should wait until it's too late to do it .", 'the day our house collapsed. i went downstream. I followed the swans. Like i follow my dreams . to the lighthouse my friends. "we must go, we must go!" i am sorry that you came to find. "Great great minds conspire".', "you're young and free, something you'll never be . it's time for you to choose your fate. You just can't let it lay . conformity will trap you like a locked door. Independence means owning your decisions .", "'Cause it seems like I'm always alone. You're at arms reach. But baby, where are you?. 'I'm lonely. Whenever you're around.' I don't wanna lose this good life. but i ain't scared. If I am going to be the only one participating in this, i'm going to die .", 'a navy blue bird was flying way above the sea . she returned a paler blue bird . "you must not try to be too pure. You must fly closer to the sea", they told her . a woman in a sand dunes, she was frightened by the heat of the desert .', 'bob greene: i have come here to lose the smog. and I feel just like a cog . he says by the time he got to Woodstock. they were half a million strong . greene dreamed I saw the bombers. Riding shotgun in the sky. Above our nation .', "bob greene: if i could fly like birds on high, straight to his arms i'd go sailing . he says my lover stands on golden sands. and watches the ships that go sailing. it's far beyond the stars, near beyond the moon . greene says he'll never again go sailing, but his love will lead him there soon .", "'Round the bend. Hot, hot love. Give me that thing. Give it my friend. 'I'll stay forever.' 'pick a fruit, let me be your apple,' he says .", "two glass eyes. You're gonna fucking die. Shoot, shoot, shoot . Pow, pow, oh!. Fuck this road. Yeah, yeah . i'm on the side of the road. You fucked me too .", "the winner takes it all. The loser has to fall. It's simple and it's plain. Why should I complain?. but tell me does she kiss. Like I used to kiss you?. Does it feel the same. When she calls your name?. Somewhere deep inside.", "everybody knows that the ship is sinking. Everybody knows the captain lied . everybody knew that it's now or never. Everybod knows that you've been faithful . And everybody knows2: if you don't know a thing, you're not a hero .", "don't forget my oohhs. And fade in my ahh . if success eludes you. Then you must choose to do. What other people wouldn't do . so as cold night fades into darkness. Harken to the fire. Where you may find some peace .", "a mechanical crusade. Tried to shoot down his aeroplane . the duchess of cambridge gave me a penny for my thoughts . but wouldn't get no change, just. Old aged rhythmns. they were singing in his brain .", "when i was young. I never needed anyone. and making love was just for fun. Those days are gone. Livin' alone. when I dial the telephone. Nobody's home. All by myself. Don't wanna live all by myself anymore. Oh ohhh oh.", "you can't see past the worst case scenario (Oh, oh) you'd be happier instead if you had stayed in bed . i pray one day I'll live to see you break a smile .", "bob greene: you can't take what you can get. you can always change your mind . he says you can find the real McCoy. When some pretty boys with skinny ties, black flowers and Valentines. try to take you home. you've got a long way to go. you have a heart to show.", "the last time you kissed me, you kept both eyes open . if you wanna leave, baby, you can leave . just don't pretend that you're into me. If it ain't true .", "bob greene: I have been destroyed. By the perfection that is a life . he says if you know where i'm going. Don't tell a soul. i live all for this thing. That I heard someone sing . greene says it was so easy to see. How fucking good it all could be .", "no one hears you in this room. I never bounce a check. so give it up, baby . open up your eyes. I want to watch you cry. Come on, come on. The camera's on . don't be upset now. you know that i get angry too .", "sally kohn: everything you do is simply kissable. I'll run around in circles until I run out of breath . she says you're so wonderful, too good to be true. you turn my head when you turn around . her: you turn the whole world upside down. she's smitten, I'm bitten, hooked, stuck like glue .", "make it one for my baby. And one more for the road . i wish you'd make the music dreamy and sad. Could tell you a lot . but buddy, i'm a kind of poet. And when i am gloomy. you simply gotta listen to me .", "cnn's john sutter recalls a dream he had of a lizard king . he says it's fun to play a game called 'go insane' he wants to run with the king, not to touch the earth or see the sun .", 'love is found on the inside. not the outside . like a medicine bottle. In my hand I will hold you. And swallow you slowly . he shuts out the world he once knew. To love you. Not wanting to die out here .', "bob greene: i'm the luckiest guy. On the lower east side . he says when the sun comes out, and only. When it comes out. my car is ugly but then. I'm ugly too . greene says professor Blumen makes you feel like a woman, but when the wind is in your hair .", 'johnnie ray: "you\'ve grown (You’re grown up! ). So grown (So grown!)" now he\'ll say more than ever: "come on Eileen" he says we\'re beaten down, eyes sunk in smoke-dried face, but not us (not ever) we are far too young and clever.', "love is an unfamiliar name. I keep on trying to reach you but you're never the same . so caught up in my lone communion. When you get this honey, I'm for sticking . ooh, i'm a stickler, but i don't know what to do with it .", "bob greene: i awoke feeling restless. Didn't want comforting. Just company to sleep . he says in dreams we meet. And stay asleep. Though I felt far away and cold . greene says it was peaceful that night. a kind of friendship all too serious .", 'bob greene: it\'s all painted cold. I\'m not here today. not even tomorrow . he says when the night closed your eyes, he read upon your lips. "this is not today. Not even tomorrow." greene says he\'s not here at all. It\'s painted clear. Just like the day.', "sally kohn: i'll lose myself in anguish for tonight. Help me get over you. end of beautiful illusions. broken pieces will not mend. she says Urgency overwhelms her as she must restrain her flood of tears. she refuses to be slave to your false beauty again.", "don't you blow your top. Are you hung up?. Give me your dirty love. Think I go and start my car. To have the real adventure. Like some tacky little creep. Once you were my one and only. Took my stash and left me lonely.", "the whole town is sleeping and somewhere you lie . I'm lost by the river. My clothes are in tatters. My face scarred by branches. I shiver with cold. No, I don't think I'll find you.", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to take your heart off the shelf . don\'t take my heart and put it on a shelf. Always someone else . "i\'m tired of wastin\' all my time. my heart is hangin\' on the line."', "the world is full of madness and I find it hard to smile . I 'll follow down the river, follow you til night. I listen to you whispers, you dance in time to mine. We'll stay awake together watching silver in the sky .", "long lost words whisper slowly to me. Still can't find what keeps me here. watching me, wanting me. fearing you, loving you. I won't let you pull me down. Hunting you. Your heart pounding in my head.", "bob greene: this is a bandit's life, it comes and goes, and the breaks . he says I made you and now, I take you back. it's too late. but today, I can define the lack . greene says he seeks no science where there is no shade .", 'michael hayden: high is the moon tonight. Hiding its guiding light. High. Heaven and earth do sleep. I will the darkness sweep. he says i am the dawn, i bring you the sun. I hold back the night and I open the skies. and I give light to the world, I give sight to your eyes. from the first of all time until time is undone.', "one by poor and ugly, home, but I crave'. mija: i've got a black shirt, my love is in mourning today. bad looks like I just stayed.. I lost my temper because of you.. And I almost lost my bed.. Bed-bed, eat on, baby..", "i'm not quite how I should be. Been finding tricks too hard . but then, I'd hate to spoil the tone . if at first you don't succeed, try again for me . it's in the way that you look, in the books that won't read .", "aaron carroll: if it's true, how will i agree? he says moving on, not afraid to change my world . carroll says he could change his world. tell me how, how he fails to see. what the preacher says .", "one day, i'll be able to make up my own mind . and nothing can make me stay, not even your money . i know you're gonna think that I'm acting funny . but i think the Lord done gave me a strength .", "one touch gives me chills. and we ain't even close yet . listen as i speak 'cause I'm careful as I creep . you got me spinning and you got in a twirl (Oh!). you're my number one, baby, and you come to rock my world .", "baby, believe me. this is a dream and suga thrill me tonight . baby can't you see, you and i were meant to be. hold me, love me 'til the end of time'", "seems I can't deny. Some days just pass me by . i think I feel, I think i feel much better at night . some days pass by, but others pass by quickly, i'm sure .", "throw out your gold teeth. And see how they roll . if you're feeling lucky. You best not refuse . it's your game the rules. Are your own win or lose . the answer they reveal, life is unreal .", "my wounded rhymes make silent cries tonight. longing from a distance . I ranted, I pleaded, I beg him not to go . for sorrow, the only lover I've ever known .", "black diamond: out on the streets for a living. picture's only begun . got you under their thumb. Whoo, black diamond, yeah . darkness will fall on the city. it seems to follow you too . if you don't ask for pity, there's nothing that you can do, no no.", "i fell down on a cottonpavement painted blue. And i lost the sight, lost the moment and my view . the only truth that i knew, moments swiftly disappear . i'll keep on flying. keep on showing the truth from my point of view.", "bob greene: my babe, no fun. Fun to be alone. Walking by myself. In love with nobody else . he says he's all alone. I'm alive. i'm waiting to have my fun. all alone, it's no fun . greene says if you want some fun with somebody else, come play with me and you're all alone .", "no, nobody's baby, and I've got to know the reason why . there's no dennying, I'm crying. i'm lonesome, on my ownsome . 'i don't mean maybe, maybe, I’m nobody’s baby', says a friend .", "i'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home . and I've tried and tried. To say what's on my mind. You should have known, oh . I found the voice you think you gave to me . but now I gotta find my own .", "there's more to life than standing when the world wants you to fall . without the strength he lent, the pillar and the cross . it's wilderness in here, a dune sea stretched for miles .", 'Pedro Ayres Magalhes: I climbed the cardboard ladder. Imagined. Invocation. It does not take anything. Does not take not. There is another entry in paradise. Tighter. Was invented. Dwarf. And is stored.', "bob greene: you ruined everything in the nicest way . he says despite my better efforts it's all for you . greene says he'll be with you 'til the day you leave'", 'beautiful song it has wings and will send your lover flowers . it will help you find a place to live and teach you not to take but give . this song song will send you flowers and send you a message of love .', 'there be no shelter here (the frontline is everywhere) . the market bulls got pockets full. To advertise some hip disguise . Coca-Cola is back in the veins of Saigon. Rambo too, has a dope pair of Nikes on .', "did you hurt your hand last night when you fell in the snow? Shuffle your feet. Without looking down . you say, lighten up. but here it's dangerous, not like home . Keep hold of your hand 'cos you know. I like it so when. If you push me down. I will try not to care about what might. Be under there.", "there's a loophole we've missed . don't say it if you're scared of what it will bring . i'll wait in the fire and hope I'm still there . it's been a long time since i last saw you .", "don't you turn your back on love, no, no. we may not be here tomorrow, no . get it while you can. honey, get it when you're going to want to need it dear, yeah yeah . if someone comes along. he's going to give you some love and affection .", "this dream won't ever, ever end. and time seems like it'll never begin . thirty seconds and a one way ride. 30 seconds and no place to hide . '30 seconds over Tokyo' - 30 seconds over the city of tokyo .", 'the older i get the more i know why. Mass murder and serial killers are. All great art comes from suffering. Nur der Tod ist echt. Bring us away from this rotten world. Permanenter Herzinfarkt. Sprich nicht mit mir ich glaub kein Wort. All of your fears are lies. Stell die Zukunft in Frage.', "motherfucker kool Keith is the type of guy to throw shit in your face . if you're the right person, figure the champion . you ain't down with that fest sham. copy assholes .", "don't you feel low?. i was being oblique. and you'd love my bed. You took the other instead . what do you owe me?. The price of your peace of mind.", "I don't see it, but I know it's here for me . 'Cause I'm as evil as can get. Nothing's ever scared me yet. There's something lurking. Oh, there's nothing lurking in the dark . what's wrong with you now. You seem a little smaller .", "wherever you were last night. You stumbled in & what a sight. All pale & puffy eyes. Under the bathroom bright. A face to give a ghost a fright. Don't they have payphones.", "baby, your magic is working. looking cocky and smirking, your mirror's reflection is you . 'you've proven everyone wrong. Anywhere with you, girl, is where I belong,' she says . the night we met, she fell in love with you. who'd have guessed?", "pessimistic, and you're ruthless.. what do you see there, my dear?. He's screaming in comparison and ratios.. I don't think I'm gonna be able to love you here..", "the grass was greener on the other side. Of love's divide. you were everything that I wanted and more . darling yes it's true, we had a grand engagement. but you broke all the rules . baby I've got to take a stand, so. we'll never be like before .", 'true love regrets to inform you. "i didn\'t know what time it was at all. Foam hands." "since you\'ve been gone. Since you\'re gone." "to tell you what is true. And what is totally out of control."', 'everybody shouts on I Love Lucy. Pee Wee reads the evening news. A pre-owned song or a second-hand Uzi. Everybody got a job to lose. Here come the golden oldies. here come the Hizbollah. Businessmen from South Miami. Humming AOR.', "i wrap up cold so when i march on my bare heels. everything i lack in style's made up with how i feel. i need us undivided, i want this thing to stop.", "'Cause the sun goes up and down. And when the early morning comes. It will be another one. Need to hear, need to hear you say. Come on now, we'll stay up all night. Waiting for the Northern Lights.", "lz granderson: cohesion is possible if we try . he says we never had to fight in the first place; we only had to spit back at their face . granderson says we've dealt with a manic subversion; we won't leave another victim deserted .", 'if i was a wealthy girl, my cash flow would never ever end . \'all the riches, baby, won\'t mean anything,\' he says . "i rock the Fetish, people you know who i am!" he sings .', "aaron carroll: since the beginning, i've been thinking of a way . he says i knew from day one that this never had a chance. I'm dead inside and it's all I'll ever be . carroll says he gave up everything, gave it all away .", '"i am brutality, the face of everlasting pain. Annihilation, obliteration. Pulses in these veins" "i\'m the storm. That towers overhead. Ticking time bomb. With an infinite charge" "you\'re no different from the rest. " "your destruction manifests. Lying there broken, looking up as I still stand"', "y-o-u are makin' this hard. I can't take it, see, it don't feel right. S-O-S, please, someone help me. 'Cause you on my mind, it's got me losin' it. I'm lost, you got me lookin' for the rest of me. Got the best of me, so now i'm losin’ it .", "'i've thought about you for a long, long time. maybe I think too much but something's wrong. Maybe I shouldn't think of you as mine. Seeing you, yeah, seeing anyone as much as I do you. 'Cause I never want to make you change for me, babe. (Don't change, girl) Oh, keep everything the same, baby .", "beautiful changes I've seen sometimes. The clouds changing into reindeer and flying . Some boy I knew said, Hang on, stay gold. Before he left here for England. Beautiful changes I feel sometimes. In the middle of the late morning dishes. When You say I might do anything all.", 'david rothkopf: bigfoot is captured, but are the children really right? he says there is danger in the night. will we give ourselves a fright? rothe: we are men who stay alive. Who send your children away now.', "the night is done (keep it goin') when we break the dawn . we gotta hold back the sun, don't let it come . 'em turn on the lights. let us decide when they play that last song .", "you can't imitate the sound of a creek.. it's flowing light.. It's right next to it..  Without you . I'm lead.. Refrain (2x).", "do you think he still loves her?. how would I know about that, Hunter?. if he loved her, he would love her . he loves her, but he doesn't love her, so he'd love her more .", "the spark of fear is smouldering. With ignorance and hate. and with anxiety . you burn as you work. You burn as your play. Babylon's burning. Babylon is burning. With anxiety. ...and with anxiety.", 'merdre\'s poor boy believes in chance. he\'ll never get . "the modern dance. Under the door. An eye on the place. Watch real close" "it\'s never last. it\'s just a little bit of a dream come true," he says.', "i've had a pretty hard life. For such an easy heart . easy heart. Easy heart. if the money isn't right . and if it's not right. I'll be yours tonight .", '"my boxcar life of style. my thinking is derailed. i\'m tied up to the tracks. The train of consequences" "i hocked my brains. Packed my bags and headed west." "I\'m blowing on my cards. And I play them to my chest."', 'bob greene: Countless times I trusted you. let you back in. Knowing, yearning . he says he introduced himself. To his own feelings. In silent agony, after all these years . greene says my fragile dreams would be broken for you. maybe I always knew .', 'can I have a moment of your time. And leave this far behind. Can you find the time to take a chance? Lets sit around and shed those lonely tears. while days turn into years . nothing lasts not the good times or the bad .', "woman, feeling good about the choice i made . i'm just high on the city life . save your problems for the world. and they might go away, go away . keepin' it complicated for when you wanna turn the day in .", "you know that I don't want you and I never did. you wanted more than I was worth . you think i was scared, yeah. and you needed proof . who really cares anymore?. who restrains?", "when I lose myself it's when I meet you. when I loose your eyes see me.. When I have you, I feel so good.. You make me feel again.. What I had no longer felt.. Have no fear. Do not be afraid of this love. Does not make sense.", "man, it's starting to kill me. I'm about as close to making sense. As I am ever going to get . instead of throwing up your hands. Why don't you tell me what. You're trying to tell me?.", "'S all I need. Is something to keep me moving on. In a world. Full of violent rage. And everybody seems so strange to me.' 'You ain't winning if you're losing. They don't need. You'll never stop em from crying, no, no.", '"Kill everybody in the whole word... Ahaha!" - screams -. Destroying Angel. You have decayed from within. Your redemption is ---. . you have staggered on the brink of reprieve.', 'a ripple in a voice elastic. I could crack the slightest code of woe . find it at the further reaches. Smelling like a rose or peaches. Crippling the hardest pig nose shell .', "love is kinda crazy with a spooky little boy like you (Doo bop) if you decide someday to stop this little game that you are playing, i'm gonna tell you all the things my heart's just been dyin' to be saying.", '"go! go! Godzilla, yeah. Oh, no, there goes Tokyo. Go! Go! godzilla! history shows again and again . history shows how nature points up the folly of man. Godzilla! .', "all we want is to be happy. In our homes like happy families . be the man on the beach with the world at his feet . tomorrow there's another. Could be you, could be me . but don't worry if it's not your lucky number .", "sono il scherno, I am the scourge, Soy el azote . sono lo segno, i am the sign, soy la sea . soy l'Antichristo, he is the antichrist .", 'bob greene: i met a woman who lost his mind, but not for thee . he says he walked into a hospital where none was sick and none was well . greene says some girls wander by mistake. Into mess that scalpels make .', 'bob greene: no man can find the war. have you each and all gone blind? he asks: is the war across the sea?. Is the war behind the sky?. humans weep at human death. Movies paint a chaos tale. Singers see and poets wail. all the world knows the score.', '"senora" is a sensation. The reason for aviation . when she wind up, she bottom, she go like a rocket . she\'s a hurricane in all kinds of weather . her dance has no title. she dances calypso .', "I was born six-gun in my hand. Behind a gun, I make my final stand, hey. It's why they call me. Bad company 'til the day I die.' Ah, 'i'm-a bad company. That's the way I play, yeah. Dirty for dirty, heh.", "sure never used to be. In trouble. So much trouble. Love is just a shackle I see. Goin' out of my mind. I'm so tired of repeatin' myself . Beatin' yourself up. Gonna take a trip and multiply . Wanna 'least go under with a smile. People on the street. There are many many . people on the moon. There ain't any any. Shame... yeah ...ooh. Runnin'", "Hater, I have your diamonds. And still, so still. Oh, how time flies. With crystal clear eyes. And cold as coal. When you're ending with diamond eyes. Oh come child. Come and rescue me.", 'frida ghitis: mankind has discarded all Biblical teachings in search for divine knowledge . she says all structures of religion have collapsed and life prays for death . we hold these truths to be painfully self-evident. all men are not created equal, she says .', "born with no soul, lack of control. Cut from the mold of the anti-social . Plug 'em in and turn 'm on. Process the data, make yourself the bomb . Out comes lies when it's cut into thirds .", "some people say that i want you for your money. but i really want for your body . i'll try not to destroy you, baby. Even though we both know i can . here's my dress to try on. Let me be your man. (Yes, no, yes)", "boys club. Ooh yea, talkin' 'bout boys club . C'mon Blaine. You can talk about the future, you can talk of the past . i'm always allowed at the boys club, but i don't have to be proud . Boys club. ooh yeah, baby babe .", "bob greene: I'm trying to find the path ahead, but your eyes won't see it . he says years have proved them wrong. our decline goes on. but your pride won’t heed it. it's the same old song. I don't believe you . greene says he's trying to leave some self-respect. any way you say it.", "but when the money's gone.... They don't come around . but when they're gone.... they don’t come round . if you're a philanthropist, you'll be able to get a good deal .", "john avlon: if i told you twice, i'd be. What you never thought i would be . he says he drifted away from politics, prisons, politicians, hypocritic leaders . some snitch fucker died last night. do you think i give a damn? he asks .", "the end of a love affair. a scene from a film. Just as the love had been. I woke and couldn't sleep. Before a word was said. The gap was ocean deep. Still we both survive. It didn't take so long. Really just a day.", "as a boy i too drew near. To the love of dust. Toughskin blue light cowboy . Let's allow the character to build. Wise as serpents and harmless as doves .", 'Nicotine, Valium, Vicodin, marijuana, ecstasy and alcohol . Cocaine, cocaine, oh, Cocaine. Oh. Nicotine. Valium. Vicoin, pot, cocaine and alcohol (Cocaine!)', "wide as the rivers run. Still got time for someone. Be my embrace now. Light a match, bring the flame over to your eye . Breaking down our sleep, my head's still aching. this war is killing you and all around me .", 'this world could get you closer. To what you need the most . these sounds will never leave you. Will be there to recieve you . before you leave from here. Here is really just a matter of time .', 'we lay on the back on a latesummernight. when we ran out of words we could say . "tomorrow we\'ll join \'em" we dreamt many times . but tomorrow was so far away. And the moon, and the stars .', "nobody knows the trouble I've seen. Nobody knows but Jesus . although you see me Goin' on so. Oh yes I have my trials . Hallelujah Oh, glory, hallelujiah. If you got there before I do .", "every time you move like that, girl. I got to go to Sunday Mass . I'm gonna take you down to the muddy river. And push you in . so i can watch you do the second line. With an umbrella in your hand.", "a shadow crossed the blue Miami sky. As we hit the causeway by the big hotels. We fought. now i can't remember why. when we kissed we could hear the sound of thunder. We kiss again as the showers swept the Florida shore. we walked between the raindrops back to your door.", 'sometimes the world is a valley of heartaches and tears. and in the hustle and bustle, no sunshine appears . but you and i have our love always there to remind us . we can sing in the glow of a star that i know of, where lovers enjoy peace of mind .', 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp returns to old mexico . a young girl cries: "you better come home to your adobe." "He, Rosita, come quick!. down at the cantina. They\'re giving green stamps with Tequila!"', "we're having big fun. The party's just begun, yeah . it won't take a lot of thought for you to do it . now it's time to join the party, baby. let's get down into the groove .", 'i wish i\'d walked before i started to run to you. Just to you . "i wish they\'d fallen into my private war with you. Yeah, with you" "i beg you, please don\'t let it get any worse," i sing . i feel my world being torn apart .', "I was just following a Friday. i was just going with the... uh . but I felt good. But I felt high. Excuse me is this the venue . I'll have to lend you excuse me .", "i never walked so far on a lonely street. With no one there for me . (i’m walking on pins and needles! ). my conscience is vicious . and i'm begging forgiveness .", "heads I win, tails you lose. out of my way, I'm comin' through . lookin' for trouble, now you've found it. you're a drum and we pound it . we're beating you (crush), gonna defeat you .", "I'm talking 'bout a whole lotta history. I can't find a way to show what you mean to me . I've fallen all around when you miss me. I don't know what to do so tell me baby .", "sixteen just held such better days. Days when I still felt alive . another six months, I'll be unknown. Give all my things to all my friends . remember the time that i spilled the cup. Of apple juice in the hall .", "the girls are beautiful, the guys would kneel. To offer them a drink, raise the auctions . Whoever wins the dance would have something to be proud of . You're not polite.. You aren't polite . if he's not a guy, you'll. find him in front of the door with her friends .", "the lazy lip of sea, it calmly laps. Beneath the looming disco's tens of tears. or sure your fondest love is for a fake . above bone plates he'd tie with lamb and veal. And breathing smoke since folded into air.", 'are you ready to be heartbroken?. if you want to get straight. read Norman Mailer. Or get a new tailor . you better get ready now baby. Ready to bleed?. You say you’re so happy now. You can barely stand .', "my parents say that I'm lazy. Gettin' up at 8AM's crazy. Tired of bein' told what to do. So unfair, so uncool. The day's too long. And i'm holding on. 'Til I hear the bell ring. (Time when we're gonna) Breakout, let the party start.", 'the baying of the hounds in the distance. devouring. pest-ridden jackals of the earth . his words are flies swarming towards the true insects. his eyes spew forth a darkness that cut through and paralyze . everything you believed is a lie .', "the game don't stop. 'cause if you want it, we got it. Come and get it, nigga, we with it. All you gotta do is set it, baby. Ride or die. DMX78: 'i'm a cruddy niggas, leave you all bloody. Suck my dick.'", 'fathers deal with funerals. Wear party hats and long white robes. Bury friends and family . oceans are crying too. it hurts at times it haunts the bay . stay home for the holidays. Oh nothing now but ocean ice .', "'tis the last of all the land. A dweller upon our lonesome. Isle.' -. a speck in the wide blue sea. 'it is all our man can see. Though, one day, up high on rock, a bird did perch and cry. An albatross, he shot a glance. And wondered deeply, why?. Could it be a watcher sent?. A curse sent from the Gods. Who sits and cries and", "lz granderson: hello stranger, you're a danger. To the law and order here . he says he would rather be, rather be. Just a little shady, just a tiny sahady. Nothing dynamite . no excuse, no alibi. Temptation's won the game and you are to blame, he writes .", "don't interfere. Created in your fucking image. There is no Hell. We are already here . if this is the light. Then what is darkness?. Just a brick in a game.", "a frantic artist up in here, open your ears. Got the rest of y'all feeling like i'm chillin' on a different tier . a young businessman, made dinner plans with a couple friends. Cancelled it, now gotta find a new fit to wear .", '"sorry". is all that you can\'t say. Years gone by and still . like "forgive me", "i love you". but you can say, baby . baby, can I hold you tonight? if i told you the right words .', "donna brazile: don't try to live your life in one day. Don't go speed your time away . she says you can't change the world single-handedly. Raise a glass enjoy the scenery. Pretend the water is champagne.", "when i've almost had enough, something about you draws me back again . bob greene: there's still hope here, and i know you'll come through . greene says he's reaching. Tryin' to hold on to you, but it seems like. Out of nowhere .", "bob greene: i'm just a ghost in this house. I'm a shadow upon these walls . he says it's all that's left of two hearts on fire that once burned out of control . greene says he's a shell of the man he was. A living proof of the damage heartbreak does .", "we have to stand the test of nature. to return to where we've been . hold on my saviour. Keep my heart in holy dimensions. for one more day . i guess what ever you may find .", "donna brazile: Haven't we both heard enough babe? let me put my arms around you once more . she says if i could do it all again. i wouldn't change a single thing .", "bob greene: when will i see her again?. the other-side, of friends. the darkened claws, of death. he says he drives the dirt of her garden. Sorrow. she'll never listen, again. life just fades away, purity just begs.", 'bob greene: i\'m sure your heart is breaking too. "it\'s never easy but we\'ll make it through" he says on second thought you don\'t seem to give a shit . greene says you claim you\'re in pain but where\'s the bruise?', "bob greene: as we grow older, the troubles just seems to stay. Future complications . he says things can go bad. And make you want to run away. but as we get older. the horizon begins to fade away . greene says animals with fancy shoes. Hallelujah zig-zag nothing. Misery it's on the loose .", "bob greene: you kicked and cried like a bullied child. A grown man of twenty-five . he says you did a good thing. She could have been a poet. Or, a fool. she left pain. Oh, save your life, girl. Oh oh. Oh. Oh la la. And I'm not happy. Oh sad. Oh my. Oh your. Oh! my. I'll never sleep again.", "my anger is a form of madness. so i'd rather have hope than sadness . don't tell me you're afraid of the past. It's only the future that didn't last . love won't shield us from loneliness .", "tell me your thoughts now baby. Tell me what's on your mind. Clear up those stupid lies . show me your darkest secrets. I wanna know cause i can't face another day here in the dark . i'm tired of wondering when we're together where you are .", "i killed your baby today. and it doesn't matter much to me. As long as it's dead . here in this place lies the key to your death . Touch it, see it . Here is the means to your end .", "i'm feeling mean today. Not lost, not blown away. just irritated and quite hated . i think it's time to bleed. I'm gonna cut myself. And watch the blood hit the ground .", 'a grown man has to get down on his knees . "murder for the money" is a term for murder for the goddamn way . it\'s a slang word for murder, which means murder for money . a murderer has to cry sweat and bleed .', "bob greene: I saw God in death through you. most things we'll never know . he says all that feel the warning see to will its steeds. Of black to cut us down. Of white to light our sound. of red to burn and drown. grey to spread like ash to the ground.", 'baby, it\'s-ah all right now. All right now . "love, Lord above. now he\'s trying to trick me in love," she said . ow!. ok, let me tell you all about it, now.', "last night, i said these words to my girl. I know you never even try, girl . please please me, whoa yeah, like I please you. I don't want to sound complaining. but you know there's always rain in my heart (In my heart)", "i'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin' love. so come give me a hug if you into gettin' rubbed . i wink my eye at yo' bitch, if she smiles, she gone . when my joint get to pumpin' in the club, it's on .", "bob greene: as i walk on down, I feel like a clown. In a circus of my own . he says he thinks about all the other ways he could've played and sung his songs . greene says it was all play, how could it be any other way?", "do your worst if you can, do it. Even if I don't want you to . 'i wish I could make you right' - i wish i could tell you what you're doing . and you want to do it . even if it's not a good idea .", "I've felt the hate rise up in me. Kneel down and clear the stone of leaves . I wander out where you can't see. Inside my shell, I wait and bleed . i have to laugh out loud, I wish I didn't like this .", "knowing that you are what you want to be comes as no surprise . but don't expect me to be happy for you . taste your vanity and its sweet bitterness. as you hide behind your veil of. My stolen hopes and lost dreams .", "diamonds in the sky. sweet dreams in girl's paradise. it's no way to sing. Playing my tambourine. Feeling the pinch on my skin. I am closer to sky. Diamonds are flying high. Demons require my right.", 'middle class revolt. Everything you see you want. Go to clubs. Crashing into C2s. a man. Extremely lazy. Exhumes the cooked pigeon. Because it was cooked wrong .', "i don't need your forgiveness. i'm not sorry so you said . I'll be sorry when I'm old?. you're so full of shit man just go!. oh my god, i love you so much - i can't believe it's true .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to take a look at who you are . john sutter: "i\'ve been wishing the television set would show me more than just a picture of" "i strip down my dignity, they can take all of me. but they won\'t ever take what I still believe"', "black curtains, never-ending. Black curtains fall. Snakes surround me. Offering their death kiss to me. Down, I'm drowning. How long? I hold my breath. Dogs are chasing. My legs are paralyzed.", 'bob greene: you snake, you dog, you fake, you liar. I\'ve burnt my hands, I\'m in the fire . he says you ate a true belief. Put rotten fruit inside of me. "in front of me" he asks: "you must believe. Put it in front of you"', "mastermind, I tell you what to think. (I don't care what you thought. I tell what to get.) mastermind. Invade the core of souls. To wipe the lives away. Welcome the inhuman race. Encrypted horror codes. Directive psyche overwrite. Processing brains to pabulum. Delete and format living drives.", "Virgil Kane served on the Danville train in the winter of '65 . the night they drove old Dixie down. and the bells were ringing . like my father before me. I will work the land. And like my brother above me.", "we can't be broken by a Christian's sword.. we'll fight for the rest of our lives . and now our song to the gods will sing . raise your pints! . if you're a christian, don't let your sword break you .", "bob greene: the christmas curtain falls on lawbreakers who pave the way . he says we're criminals that never break the law . greene says you pay to get behind her Christmas curtain. she's always there .", 'delicate like rain, snow, birds. Delicate like air, air and breeze . a delicate advance. A delicate retreat . delicate like you and me . delicate as a bracelet on your arm, like a sweet arm around you .', "bob greene says he drove his car to the oil change station and it was done . he says the price was very affordable and the job was done right . greene: allstate, you're in good hands if you need an oil change .", "I wanna go outside in the rain. once the rain starts falling baby. You won't find a trace. I'm crying because of you. Let me go, let me go . I can't wait to see if the rain will stop .", "screaming in the night, fighting for my life, I'd die for you . the sound of steel rang loud, above the battle cries . in the corner of the valley, swore to be avenged .", "when the full moon turns white, that's when I'll come home . like the morning sun, your eyes will follow me . as you watch me wander, curse the powers that be . ‘all I want is here and now. but it’s already been and gone.’ .", "bob greene: if i met you in a scissor fight, i'd cut off both your wings on principle, alone . he says you're no Jesus, no Elvis, no Jesus. step down, step down . greene says if you were appendages, he'd hold open your eyes so you'd see .", "Judas Judas don't you want me?. Why can't I look me in the eye?. I only tried to get to the other side. God is coming ... God is here ... I'm going to die ...", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges you to find out what's in store for you . this week's boot camp is a chance to meet new people . if you need rest I'll keep your nest. Changeless .", "bob greene: above the clouds time is always good. and the sun shines so much that can blind you . greene says the air is so pure that it flees me. Of all this time i'm not breathing . he says he now knows how to fly. And in a wind. You'll see me pass..", "all that i see is that we're livin' life . Did you fail when you found that you paid the price?. Hope it wasn't lost in an honest truth . took a message for my love (8x) on the day you cried endlessly .", 'i walked the line. Lets go back in time. When i could read your mind . it took the seasons going by. To know its not my fault . i tried to be perfect, try to be honest. Tried to be everything but you .', "stop! the love you save may be your own . chasing boys was just a fad . now just like back to grade school. You traded. Your promise for my ring . you're headed for a danger zone .", "christopher adams: 'tis misery who. Leads our way now.' Exit the Ghost Lake. The waters whisper. Of something brooding. No way out. Enter the ghost lake. the waters silent. What now has risen?. No man stands alone. The world is changing.", "when the sun go down, we still shine and vine, for the 9-1-9 and the 3-3-6 . when the nighttime come, that's how we do that shit . aiyo, it's the new flavor, the next step .", "sally kohn: if you knew what i know, would you try? if there was time, is there time. To follow your heart's?. stoke your wounds, test your strength, face the night. crave the touch, feel the pain, know the signs.", "love makes addicted, drunk and blind. love makes me cry . i'm looking for the one who determines my life . not able to love, or do I love the agony, am I not normal? .", "don't be afraid to be weak. just look into your heart, my friend . the return to innocence. That's not the beginning of the end . if you want, then start to laugh. If you must, then begin to cry .", "Sylvia's mother says she's trying. To start a new life of her own . 'please, Mrs. Avery, I just gotta talk to her. I'll only keep her a while,' she says .", "yo spits the illest shit ever been dropped in two-inch . if it meant life or death, never live to regret what i said . in confrontation, ain't no conversation, if you feel it, kill it .", "bob greene: i wake in cold sweat and there's no one, no one who cares . he says i am slowly dying. i can't be what you want me to be . greene says it's hard to be who you want to be, but life isn't worth it .", "one way or another, I'm gonna win ya . one way, maybe next week, i'll drive past your house. And if the lights are all down . I'll walk down the mall, stand over by the wall. Lead you to the supermarket checkout .", '"modern guilt" is all in our hands, says cnn\'s tom charity . he\'s a pawn piece in a human shield . modern guilt won\'t get him to bed. say what you will .', 'cnn\'s john sutter says he loves his boss, but he\'s not full of fluff and gloss . he says his brother-in-law, reuben kincaid, is the boss . "i love my boss. ... he gives me work and many chores to do"', "i've lived my life the lonely. A soul that cries of shame. With handicapped emotions . all i do is hand out a heart that needs your love . when you say we will dance 'til the light of day. It's just like the children running with joy .", "if you really want some understanding, you will learn it can be quite frustrating . you should talk to Mr Understanding2 to see if he can help you . he'll be happy to answer any questions you may have .", "it's all just psychotic devotion. Manipulated with no discretion . warfare knows no compassion. Thrives with no evolution . Unstable minds exacerbate. Unrest in peace. There's no future . only the fallen have won. Because the fallen can't run .", '"i came into this world as a reject. (Past!) it\'s burnin\' on my brain (Hot! ). i\'m just a sucker with a lump in my throat, hey. (Hey!) Like a chump. (hey! ! ) I\'m the only one underneath the sun who didn\'t get it .', "donna brazile: by the time you find your way, you're gonna run right back to the start . she says don't worry now it's all erased, burned to grey and white. run, run fast enough to lose yourself .", "'cause this zombie does impressions. But not really to amuse. This ballad is for lovers. With something left to lose. Mary shut the garden door. 'I woke up. And sensed the new condition. Forever'", 'lilies and flax seeds are a folly, fooling just yourself . a dry rot to take the weight off . swap the boots for red shoes1 . and a red blazer for a tan .', 'we\'ve been holding hands for quite a long enough . "choke me with your cock. Blow it on my face. Your load I want to taste" "we can just look into eachother\'s eyes. And masturbate"', "cnn's kelly wallace was at her grandmother's side when her grandmother died . wallace's mother's tears fell from father's eyes. she was all cried out . she's trying (you cry every night until dawn).", "we'll swim, through the fields of hay . we need a catalyst that makes things faster . if you can't swim, you'll have to turn on straight to a row . increase the time it takes to paint and build the mast .", "the world keeps turning faster everyday (Everyday). We still wanna dance the night away . and the beat goes on. And the beat is on. and it's on. We still dream of sharing our first kiss . we still want a song to sing .", 'bob greene: write down your dream of a powder-hill on a foggy windowpane . he says snow shakes the light off wistful and wan . greene says he would question who would not be moved by .', "ain't never did nothing but try to kill your disease, instead you infected me . if you gotta draw a line in the sand then it's time for you to scramble . the struggling i did with you was all for nothin'. it was never enough .", "prejudice wrote a song about how to be color blind, don't be so shallow . free your mind and the rest will follow . mmm-dah is a sista who buys things with cash .", "come into the new wave. body rock a new way. More than just a craze . yeah, uh, yeah, you. I can teach you a thing or two . i'll show you who's rock 'n' roll .", "baby, baby. I'll meet you. Same place, same time. Where we can all get together . get down, get down tonight. Get down tonight, hey. Do a little dance. Make a small love .", "bob greene says he's an energetic, hypothetic version of another person . he says if a girl walks, she walks so proud. and when the pretty girl laughs, she laughs so loud . greene: if it isn't this, then its that .", "my baby blue is a new star. In the sky. My baby blue's new star . just for you for nobody else . the world the world, the world and the world . in the sky . my child blue is an old star. .", "i've found session, betrayed now, it's on now. I have no fucking right now, I see so. Beside you, I saw, your ignition. Other souls beyond this smile. I hate you from the bottom of my heart.", "i'm killing the haughtily fly. I'm gonna slash your wound just like mine . i can't hear the voices of society anymore. you're all fine hypocrites . I wanna shout out to all the trash celebrity stars.", "stay in the shade. Until you reach the grave. Hide from yourself. You'll see how you fade. Move on. Love moves on. Life goes on. and while you don't. you'll stand all alone.", "on a tear, cautiously we advance, Anna Lee. Won't you come pass the torch? Bring your hands. Yes and no, there's no right, but we have no better light. to see through to our star bodies go.", "bob greene: polaroids that keep us together. Will surely fade away . he says it's not your fault. but your honesty touches me like a fire . greene says he's a polarized person, but he doesn't know what he is talking about .", "john sutter: you drive me crazy with your voodoo . he says never once did you deny me. you're doing stuff that you don't want me to do . the gators in the swamp make love to you, he writes, and you drive him crazy .", "bob greene: i dreamed you were a cosmonaut. Of the space between our chairs . he says he sang the song that silence brings. it's the one that everybody knows, oh everybody knows . greene says time is crooked bow. time you need to learn to love. ebb just like the flow. Grab hold of bootstraps and pull like hell .", "suckin' on my titties like you wanted me. Calling me, all the time like Blondie . like sex on the beaches, huh? what? right, uh .", "fly by frankie thinks he's superman. Like a child at the wheel of a rocket . but he feels like giving up 'cause a heart like mine's wasted on you . you wouldn't know what love is. If it hit you like a rock. And a girl like me is lost on you.", "we could not get closer than this. We slip through the streets while everyone sleeps . i'll show you in spring, it's a treacherous thing. Into the sea, you and me. All the years and no one heard . hand in hand is the only way to land. And always the right way round.", "bob greene: it was the very first time that he lost his mind for the week . he says they can't make, make, forget the weather. if he doesn't wash the sand from his feet . we're showing off, showing off our teeth. you're going out in style and he's getting tired .", 'between lost hills divide. Quietly we sleep inside. Lost summers of my youth . weekend in san geronimo. Love how the starlit skies show . lizards sunning in the streets. Small kitten stretches through.', "new born son, life has won. take this turn, then he'll run. Run away, from all that's been. he has done, I have seen. Time, goes so slow. Days, come and go.", "bob greene: i fell asleep in the silence. Before the street fights, the fire . he says I'm not afraid to sleep in the night. Not afraid. Free like a bird of the holders . greene says he was wrong. maybe he'll just change his mind .", '"i\'m never gonna work another day in my life. the gods told me to relax" "when you get tired of the crap baby move over here and maybe buy some of mine," he says . "when are you gonna blow the game?" he asks .', 'Ibal Lahl Arou-LAH-Yah-Lee. Yah al-month Kou-rou-kill Meniah. IS -hl koul kou-tul - ham-mahn ou. Ahl-BI YAM-mil ow-lil. IS-hll-bri im-mill-saw-seam-murder.', 'bob greene says he\'s been denied the life he brought to him . he says the thoughts of better times give way to fear and inevitable conflict . greene: "i was totally wrong. the morning arrives with new hope and optimism"', 'a golden giant man is crushing my knuckles and splitting my skin . i\'m being dragged down by the hand. "you wanna fly? You wanna fall?" i tell my feet to move it . thank you feet, for guiding me .', "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges you to take a chance on love . this week, i walk around with a horseshoe. in clover I lie. and brother rabbit of course you . i'm gonna give my all again .", "'Til death overtakes me in the chase. Still will my hopes pursue thee. Then when my tedious hours have past. Be this my last lesson given. Low at thine feet to breathe my last. And die in sight of heaven.", "girl, we used to be so beautiful, but the days go by and things get better . we're not the type to just give up, but we know that it's what's best for us . but we'll pass some crossing roads, surviving on our own .", 'william bennett: when you have no one. No one can hurt you . he says there are wolves here abound. You will miss me when I turn. Around . when wolves are here, you will miss them when i turn, around, he adds .beennett: there is absence, there is lack. there will be wolves in this world .', "dance with me. you know it feels right. come on and dance . cnn.com's kristie luther mccartney tries her hand at a saxophone .", "when you get out of the dating bar. let me back into your life. i can't stand what you do . but i'm in love with this power that shows through in your eyes . when i walk down your street. there were tears in my eyes. now... your world is beautiful .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to find a soulmate . aao: "i\'m consumed by the chill of solitary. i like to reel it in and then spit it out" "if only i could kill the killer." "what i wouldn\'t give to meet a kindred"', "donna brazile: you're as tight as a hunter's trap. Why do you hide? she says I've shown you everything. Give me a sign. Take a drug to set you free. Strange fruit from a forbidden tree. she says you need a change of scenery. Need a new life.", "there's a weight over me and I'd hate to have to leave you . but in fate I don't believe and the state of you and me isn't great as you can see . i've realised that love is all we have in common .", "i'm coming to get you, I'll see you now now.. We can go far a walk or something.. and i can't wait to see you either.. i am coming to grab you, and he's sitting not too far from me..", 'top of the news: gangs from south central, los angeles, have migrated into east st. louis . police say this is a nationwide trend, with similar incidents occurring in texas, oklahoma . niggas: "if you\'re not gafflin\' nobody, you fuckin\' understand me?"', "meg urry: memories fade into the silence. Haunting me tonight. With hope's last breath. I take this moment in. It will be the last. I close my eyes. And bleed this empty heart. Of all that longs to die. I'm left with only time. When faces lie and love will falter.", "sally kohn: all around me are familiar faces. Worn out places, worn out faces . she says I find it hard to tell you. When people run in circles. It's a very, very. mad world, mad world. If I'm in your world.", "i believe in miracles. Where you're from. You sexy thing. I believe in miraculouss. Since you came along . you got me hypnotised . how did ya' know that i'd be the one .", 'a woman knocked me off my feet. And my knees were shaking. and my jaw was dropping . "excuse me, what is the secret to your soul?" she asked . she sighed and said "why thank you" and "it\'s the rhythm you forgot" she kissed her lips. "young man. I\'ll show you some rhythm".', "donna brazile: you don't seem to understand that I'm going, going home alone . she says on her own, on my own, and I'll go home alone. I won't need you, I can't see you . but she says you'll be able to see me if you're alone, on your own .", "the sermon goes mourning pricking its hail. Slothful the child that preys on the seed. Shall behead the drought, wound under sleeves. We'll cover the smell with silver nitrate. Mending the cuts of your prosthetic faith.", "this loneliness. Ain't pretty no more. Loneliness. Only taking a place of a friend . only you will know. How the days go by. With no friendly hi's. And no friendly hello's . this lonely days. You try your best to hold in. The tears and the rain. And the heartbreaks again .", "grandma's feather bed was made from the feathers of forty 'leven geese . took a whole bolt of cloth for the tick . it'd hold eight kids 'n' four hound dogs. And a piggy we stole from the shed .", "'i'm gonna knock you out (Huh), mama said knocking you out(Huh). 'I'm going insane. Starting the hurricane, releasing pain.' 'the man of the hour, tower of power. I'll devour.' I think 'you'll bomb a town'", "michael hayden: i'd swim across oceans. just to talk with you. I'd climb a tall mountain. he says this is absolute. This is absolution. I will be your disciple, and I'll worship you . hayston: if you want me to, kill the children of Eden .", "Qué onda güero?. A donde vayas?. Y donde encontrastes ese? en un hoyo. Hey, man. I saw a puppet at Tang's. With a mullet and a popsicle .", 'our love is like a punishment. homegirl here to represent . but we’re too human to see the way we’ll agonize . a real love survives. A rock steady vibe. A real love survived. .', "bob greene: just another shooting star strung out on your wire . he says he hangs these bones out to dry; he took me raw, ginger, caramelise me . greene says if you're not yet a woman you got no business playing this .", "my name is Gretel. A soul of metal. I've got a crotch that talks . my thighs are vices, yeah. I love him all I can, you fuckin’ bitch. Addle girl. She pulls out all her curls.", "a girl with permanent tears. Born without a family . all she ever wanted. Was to wipe her tears away. Away.........away . she's something of a tragedy. Stands in the shade of despair .", "deaf, dumb and blind, what she left behind, is only left to die...WHY! . if you take a life don't take one with you . it's in your womb and connects to your mouth .", 'the new age is upon us. and yet the past refuses to rest in its shallow grave . for those who hide behind the false image of the son of man. Shall stand before God (God, God, God), yeah . a fake church called the prophet Muhammad a terrorist .', "'what's left to lose?. I've done enough. and if you fail, well then you fail. but not to us' 'now it's time to get out of the desert and into the sun. (Even if it is alone)", "bob greene: what happened to me? I turned into someone's mother . he says he's no good with sad news anymore. Gets him running upstairs . greene says even when the sky is clear, the moon looks really close .", "sasquatch is my daddy and he's going to protect me. Half man, half machine. On the cover of a magazine. Bigfoot is my father and i'm going to save him.", "the ruiner is the living end to the cattle he deceives. The raping of the innocent . he's a collector. He's an infector serving his shit to his flies . in my fucking world is wearing your disease .", "bob greene: I don't wanna be hostile. I want to trust you. but you lie, cheat, and steal . he says we've been far too sympathetic to you; we blamed each other . greene says no one is innocent; we must go down beside you .", "bob greene: out there is raining. but even though i'm running. just to see my love. (my love) she comes white. Sweet, pure, beautiful and very shy. with the rain watering your beautiful body. that I'll hug. he says she's a marvel. (How wonderful). she came all wet. (how wonderful).", 'to be sure that all of your dreams are pure. (whistles). While you slumber. In case you ever wonder. If a summer breeze just brushed your cheek. Know its me. And Goodnite. Close your eyes and just sleep tight. Ill lie awake and watch you dream.', "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to share your love story . this week's topic is love and falling . who am i to tell you that i would never let you down? i wouldn't be myself at all .", 'sit on your face, I wanna sit on you face . come here to watch darlings sit on their faces . if you want to sit on a face, you need a chin-up, not a nose .', "bob greene saw a man with a broken voice and a twisted smile . he may be moving slow, but that don't mean he's going nowhere . greene: he needs someone to help wash away all the paint .", "bob greene: if i could hold you. you know I would. If the whole world would . he says he said he'd meet you after midnight. I know he never did return . greene says life is never say you?re sorry. Love is never make mistakes. life is telling me the answer .", "save your breath. for the laughing aloud, again. Save your breath . (Don't waste your breath on running circles, round and round and around). Save your breathing. (Nobody wants's that much we just want more).", "growing up in small town hell, kids still call each other names . but it's sad and strange. Every insult still the same . when you need a little lovin. A little human kindness, where you gonna find it?", "bob greene: if you complain once more, you'll meet an army of me . he says you're alright. there's nothing wrong. self-sufficiency, please! greene says we won't save you. your rescue squad. Is too exhausted .", 'paul begala: i will stare at life like I never did before. this game is useless and everything so deceptive . he says my ambitions may look low but so is the price. i cannot win. forget the man you were. ...nameless than be fictively surrounded . no false promises await in my nightmares. nothing, except my own predestined downfall .', "'til they drop like flies. And sink like polished stones. Of all the stones I throw. How does that old song go?. Bands. Those funny little plans. That never work quite right. 'Til they fall like a fly.'", "it takes every kinda people. To make what life's about, yeah . to make the world go 'round . there is no profit in deceit. Honest men know that . love's the only goal. That could bring a peace to any soul.", "lady Godiva's long blonde hair. Hangin' down around her knees. All the cats who dig striptease. cranin' their necks. to see her. 'Cause she's a star. The one that everybody knows.", "biggie Smalls is a big bad motherfucker on the wrong road . he robs and steals because his mother didn't give him what he wanted . the notorious one is in full effect for '93, Easy Mo Bee .", "exoskeletal junction at the railroad delayed. It's because this is. Cranial bleeding. Leeches train the living. Cursed are those who speak its name. Rattling the laughter, hinges splintering inside. Bludgeoned to a saddle, rang the cloister bell inside.", "no, I couldn't ask for another. Groove is in the heart (astronomical) he's not vicious or malicious. Just de-lovely and delicious . he was on a roll when he played a funk beat at a show .", "cnn's richard quest knew how to kill a king . quest: he suffers in silence. With a poisonous sting. he could not steal my might. but he seems to be. I've found a way out. Of his loyalty.", "donna brazile: i kissed a girl and I liked it. The taste of her cherry chapstick . she says it felt wrong, it felt so right. don't mean I'm in love tonight. you're my experimental game . we girls, we are so magical. Soft skin, red lips, so kissable, hard to resist, so touchable, she says . brazil: it's not what good girls do. not how they should behave .", "in the cold cold ground, you'll find a ribbon in the willow, a tire-swing rope and a briar patch of berries takin' over the slope . the cat'll sleep in the mailbox and we'll never go to town .", "i got to know - Won't you tell me. What's the deal . i'm looking through new eyes again. Another fiction about the end. Another heel i have to mend . Oh what's . the deal. Afraid that it hurts just to feel .", "we got to stop all men. From messing up the land. When won't we understand . the price of the meat. Higher than the dope in the street . we're going to have to stop niggers dancing to the superfly . this is our last and only chance .", "'Cause what I want and what I need. Has now become the same things you've been offering. As days go by, I've finally become what you want me to be. Don't tell me you saw it all along.", 'eric liu: i fathered the lie, twist what you say. Speak not the truth . he says i bring poverty, sickness and death. A worthless handshake. the slickest thief, i steal your wealth . his victims are rich or poor. rich or old, strong or weak; he causes millions of accidents .', "bob greene: it's over. And over. This wave. I'm in. So slowly. Roll over. and flipped. the earth's surface has been flipped, he says . greene says he's in. so slowly.", "niggas get pissed like Lil' Kim and fuck me with different races . he's a black dude with a big ass dick and a hurricane tongue . like it's rehearsal for a Tootsie commercial, he gets to spend paper .", 'bob greene: i drove all night to get to you. Is that all right? he says nothing erases the feeling between him and you . greene says he could taste your sweet kisses, your arms open wide. this fever for you is burning him up inside .', "sally kohn: i can't see you all the time. i got to let you know you're on my mind . she says ill never let you go. you take my day into night. you still give me light, love . we're going to sit under that willow tree tonight. it just feels so right, she says.", 'anarchy, disarray—this is the world today. justice is a lie for the followers to get by . with lawless arrogance and savage dissidents. Public display of dismemberment .', "bob greene: living mandatory suicide. a child's toy, sudden death. sniper blazes you through your knees . he says you're dying, screaming in pain. Fly swatter stakes drive through your chest . greene says he's a soldier of misfortune. Hunting with bated breath. vile smell, like tasting death .", "i'm gonna love you with my hands tied. i need a man who makes me alright . (my religion is you) oh. Oh-ah (my faith is you). i love to fix ‘em; no one’s perfect . I’m a tough bitch. Got no salvation; got no salvation .", "college boys all went home for the summertime . you run on a little tough luck baby. Don’t you sweat it. Everything is waiting inside for you . come and get it. who's your daddy, who’s your baby?", "Jimmy gone M.I.A., when you go Rwanda, Congo. Take me on a truck to Darfur . you tell me that you're busy. Your loving gets me crazy . hit me on AIM and tryna flip me on some game .", "if i start a commotion, i run the risk of losing you, and that's worse . unless we find out what's to blame, what a shame. and we won't be together much longer .", '"the shark attack" is designed to blow your mind . "guns of Navarone" sends a shark in harbour . we will become the noise of tomorrow. Shake it up, shake it baby, mamma don\'t break it.', "bob greene: if you didn't know all the moments. When I lose myself. I would tell the world . he says there are moments when I find myself. Not breathing at all . greene says he's catching flies by now. Speaking to someone. Breaking the windows .", 'pickin\' up the fragments of her dream-shattered sleep . searchin\' through fragments, she wonders if the years have closed her mind . "i guess it must be wanderlust or tryin\' to get free," she says .', "there's a world I've always known. Somewhere far away from home . when i close my eyes I see. All the space and mystery . Sha nah nah, samantha nah and shah nah are just a few of the things i've seen .", "sally kohn: i fought in the old revolution. On the side of the ghost and the king . she says lately you've started to stutter. As though you had nothing to say. let me say i gave the order . sohn: yes, you who are broken by power. You who are absent all day .", "she changed every time you look . by summer it was all gone - now she's moved on . she called you every other day . so savour it it's all gone. (she's moving on)", 'i woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!". they tryna say that I don\'t care . i\'m a straight thug motherfucker who ain\'t scared to bust . but if you\'re black, you better stay strapped .', "no matter how hard i try, I just can't make her cry . if you try acting sad, you will only make me glad . you better listen little girl, you go on walking down the street. 'you'll never break this heart of stone, darling. You'll, you better drive on home1 .", "bob greene: there's no such thing as easy money . he says the easier it looks, the hotter it hooks . greene says he's a good guy, but he doesn't want to be a thief .", "if you wanna step up (Step up), you're gonna get knocked down (Knocked down) you had your chance to walk away. and live to see another day . you've crossed that line. you must be out your mind .", 'bob greene: this time the bullet cold rocked ya. Fools follow rules when the set commands you . he says the living dead stood and watched as the feds cold centralized . greene says they loaded the clip in, omnicolor, and fired it at prime time .', "donna brazile: keep you in the dark, you know they all pretend . she says the wheel is spinning infinity, never ending . we are not permanent, we're temporary, temporary, she says . writer: i'm the voice inside your head. mirroring your stare .", "bob greene: it said you were handsome.. but you're ugly, I've been tricked . he says he's fucked.. and he has to go home with his tail between his legs . greene says if he can't get out of here with all the credit, he will have to go berserk.", "we're taking our turn with the kids that don't learn . we'll turn up the heat as we burn up your boxes . if you want me down, you can have me now . If you want some more, come and get some more .", "bob greene: a maniac neurotic fool who wants to jump off the isle is coming out to see the light of his destination . he says you can't stop me. to love the world with all its lies . greene says he's just another broken up. Mess them up. Running to cosmic ways .", 'bob greene: his killing had no purpose. No reason, or rhyme. he was a friend of mine . greene says he knew him just the same, though he never knew his name . a gunner shot him down at a sixth floor window in Dallas town, killing him .', 'get a message out to mom and dad. "Everything is alright." break the silence with the screaming head. Break the scream with a silent voice. Everything is alok. Fa Fa Fa Cé-La.', "'i'm out of your life. Tonight I'll dream away and you can still be mine. But I'm dreaming a lie,' says sarah . 'I still love you. I really, I really love you . I love you, baby baby . and when i think of all the things you'll never know. there's so much left to say. Hear what i say .", "a part of me has just been ripped. the pages from my mind are stripped . i hope that when this issue's gone. this ain't no never-never land . my angel is the centerfold. my blood runs cold (Woo!)", "for a while (for the moment), but I think everyone will soon . Born on a Saturday at five o'clock, Veronica can't wait to get out of here, but she's too tired to go home .", "if mama says it's dinner time, if she ruins your love, run away . clean town if you want to get away. you pack your cases and you hope for a better day . you can drive to the east coast. Put the band-echo on, then we'll give him a ride .", "bob greene: i'm in love with an uptown girl. she's been living in her white bread world . he says he's seen her in her uptown world. she can't afford to buy her pearls . greene says she'll understand what kind of guy I've been .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to share your love with the world . donna brazile: "i just wish i could\'ve just left you there sitting in your own shit" she says you never feel. your love \'til it\'s dead. I stab but don\'t injure. No blood ever poured. one and four makes us whole.', 'bob greene: if there is anything left inside of you, remember to smile . he says in this mirror, we all look the same. how can i see what you are? he asks: "how can you be what I was?"', "when we're alone, you told me. You'd tell me the whole sad story . but we are never alone now. Looks like you let it out. For just a moment . I've never known anyone 'till now . 'Cause you belong in poetry. And you belong . in fine things. But you belong to someone else .", "'i'm dumping niggas off from new orleans to los angeles and selling them a shit . 'now these is my homeboys, we outlaws 'til the day we die.' 'my 45, make sho', that i survived, to another day .", "angel flying too close to the ground. i patched up your broken wings. And hung around a while . I know someday that you will fly away. Cause love's the greatest healer to be found . leave me if you need to, but I will stil remember .", "well, oh baby, my hair's on end about you. I wouldn't see you and I love to . Floating, bumping, noses dodge a tooth, the fins aluminous. Fangs all 'round, the clam is dark, below the boulders hiding all .", "the boy that you loved is the man that you fear . you've poisoned all of your children to camouflage your scars . i am so tangled in my sins that I cannot escape .", "there's no rhyme or reason for my odd insanity . if by chance you walk my way you just may seal your fate . when i unwind I'm colour blind, they're all the same to me .", "eric liu: I breach your life. Indoctrinate. Police your thoughts. Ask why I hate. I infiltrate. Continue lies. Then masturbate. I walk the line. There is no crime. Within my mind. I'll sell your life and preach your death. Audacious plans. I calculate. A new worldview. You'll meet your end. Find death alone. No grave to mark. The seeds you've sown. My secrets I defend.", "'tween the horror of space. And the terror of time.' 'babe (what I need), I need you (Death Valley nights) before I lose my mind. (What I need) to run away from outer space (death valley nights) just run away.", 'rama lama ding dong\'s song, "bomp bah bah bomp", was written by a man . he wrote the song "that made my baby. Fall in love with me (yeah!!) "dip da dip da dip" sets my baby\'s heart all aglow.', "i wish we'd never met, then met today . i'm working on my faults and cracks. filling in the blanks and gaps . it's bold and dark girl, can't you see. I get hammered, forget that you exist .", "i - am a ready die. The world won't miss me. You wanna know why?. Humanity - is out of control. Why should i stay and play my lousy role?. I - can't stand the pain. The script is written. Don't wanna remain.", 'sally kohn: too long have these emotions. Like potions, made me. A sole castellan. Trusted to keep. A dreaming angel. Lying curled in the circles of Hell. she says in the witching hour. she slips into the underworld. a pearled Persephone. Deflowered by the powers. hat around her. Down her. Whirl. I serve her slender hope. To preserve mankind from old ghosts.', "born in a dead man's town, i was born in the U.S.A. now i'm a cool rockin' Daddy in the u.s.a. Born in the united states .", "cnn's kelly wallace was in green when she watched the world being reborn 'til 1 AM . the city looked wonderful that way. and love, just like blood will always stain . but if i could reverse it, it wouldn't be worth it .", '"the face of evil is always the face of total need", says daniel treisman . he says there is no turning back. There is no moving in for the kill . "there\'s a lot to be done, but there\'s still a long way to go" he adds .', "bob greene: today's the day we'll fade away, oh. I wanna be there when you cry . he says when you're down, i'll help you fly. but I'm coming back . greene says it's breaking me up and tearing me up. It's all I have .", "there were once honest reasons. it died a hundred thousands miles ago . pretending I'm still here. Justify. What I've become. Sanctify . Suffered consequence. It's been so long since any piece of this. Made any kind of sense.", 'john avlon: I wanna see the constitution burn, watch the white house overturn . he says i wanna tar and lynch the kkk, pull and shoot the nra, pay lobbyists to kill themselves . the government, and then do it again, he writes .', "i can't explain myself. Why I feel like I do (like I do). Though it hurts me so to let you know that love is really real . Heaven knows that I'm still in love. (Still in love, in love with you)", "bob greene: what happened now. And again. Left me black and blue. No more sorry. Flesh and bone. Not alone. You're not alone. he says your septic heart, your deadly hand.", "the mother who never gave birth to me. Did I swear tonight?. I'll give her a disease. And then sink them in the river . on my forehead a birthmark. Remove it with Messer's kiss. Even if I have to bleed to death .", "cunts are still running the world, says bob greene . he says the free market is perfectly natural . greene: if you don't like it, then leave. or use your right to protest .", 'sally kohn: i\'m a godless heretic. not a God-fearing lunatic . she says i stab you right between the eyes. you awaken from the lies. they\'re the masters of deception . her scars: insane. my life: profane. I deny, defy. And spread a little hate worldwide . kunkohn: "i\'ve left you defenseless, mentally and then. Never fucking', 'political breakthrough, euphoria\'s high. More borrowed money, more borrowed time . perspective is lost in the spirit of the chase. Means to an end ended in disgrace . "this is no hoax, no one pushed out. Receive a reprieve and be a pioneer"', 'rays. I was invited to such a suruba. I could not go, Maria was in my place . after a week, she came home. All rolled up, could not even sit . in this ray of suruba, I already passed my hand on the butt. And I have not eaten yet .', "bob greene: i can't stand losing you. to carry on living doesn't make any sense . he says you don't care so I won't cry. but you'll be sorry when i'm dead . greene says he's too full to swallow his pride .", "I've been through a string of affairs . 'til I met you. You, you're always on my mind. Tell me what can I do?. . Is it a dream come true. About a love I once new?. Was it all in my mind . Or did I dream it all the time?.", "donna brazile: when will my weight be too much for you? she says your voice is adrift. I can't expect it to sing to me. I'll follow you. The leaf that's following the sun . she says we were never meant to hold on. this was a scene worth waking up for .", "greed, pride, envy and lust are the seven deadly sins of mine . on every street and corner lie, there are seven deadly sins . cast your verdict down to me. Only care how you appear. Clearly see you can't see clear .", "frida ghitis: fear is failure. take back what was stolen. Reclaim all that's lost . she says adversity, there is redemption. with passion, fighting. I am, unbroken . fear, is the renewal of self. absence of doubt, breeds desire, she says. I will design it. I won't be denied. Oh, my goodness, i will not be denied .", "je les relis sans cesse. je devais les detruire. Callas went away. but her voice forever stay. cnn.com's ireport: tell us about your callas. she went away .", "'it's not the sound keeping me from sleep. it's what Jesus said, said about hell underneath' 'our souls are safe to wander off. Wherever they might please. Your soul is safe wherever you might be'", "eric liu: I sold my song, crossed the borderline. I found something I'd never adjust to . he says it's coming undone and that's why i sold out. come here, I've paid up for you. I split my heart in two.", "we're in each other as hand in glove, in the privacy of our love . we've never seen your love again. I'll never be your love for sure . except for that day. Except for those days . if there's nothing outside, above .", "i am not a racist some of my best friends are white . if you're a cracker you better get blacker or else you best get out . the skin that she's dwelling in must contain melanin that is the fountain of youth .", "the silence of a winter's night brings memories i hold inside . amid the falling snow. Maybe I am falling down. Tell me should I touch the ground?. maybe I won't make a sound .", "there is unemployment misery despair. really want to leave my trouble. Excuse me but i've got to go. Wunderbar wunderbar wunderbar wunderbar 2x. Wunder bar. You run the risk of being a bore. Tell me all about that nuclear war.", "achin' prophets scurry south. Tangled up in all their vows . Painted wagons are gleamin'. While the dust is settlin'. our train's ahead. and its patrons have been so mislead .", "i've hated life to the fullest yet. With longing deep within . between this life I live and nothing I have to choose . take me home. To the one I belong. I'll be the last to close my eyes. and forgive me nothing for I truly meant it all.", 'there\'s a wind behind everyone. It takes us through our lives . one day we began. To fly again. And now we start . "oh, where do we go in these days?. where will we land?"', "I try to make the best at happiness . I'm a broken heart. My love is bleeding. I think I might be dying . i try, I try. I try . to make do with much more of less .", 'white man came across the sea. he brought us pain and misery . out on the plains, we gave him hell. but many came, too much for Cree . a stab in the back. (Women and children) and cowards attack.', 'bob greene: give me silence, jokes, sundays, strokes with the folks and their peanut dreams . he asks: if you want to live it out with your peanut dreams, give me something . greene says he wants to live a life of silence, laughter, sun and sun .', "cnn's robert mccartney says he's in agony, thinking it's time to die . he says a cannibal's desire feeds the fire, eats away at brain . death walks inside you, smells death around you, Laughs as you eternally rot .", "bob greene: go, my sadness, tells you in a prayer that she returns . he says without it there is no peace, no beauty. it's just sadness, and melancholy . greene says if she comes back, she'll be a beautiful thing, a crazy thing .", 'there’s nothing left, the fear is gone . before my final run. I will stay with you, decay with you . if you fade out without me will you know all about me? . when my heartstrings come undone. i will wait for you, pray for you.', 'the antlered one will go to rest in four moons the light, the life, the strength, the harvest, gratefulness . in a few moons he will be able to see the light and the life and the harvest .', '', "fear is all I hold. Bound and beaten down. All the pain I can't escape today. Is always with me. My loveless life. I'm lost in you tonight. Waiting for you to turn around. Only to tear the whole world down.", 'think about all the good in your life. - they never last forever . Think about the tears and the fears and the lies and the cries of the past . When the light of chosen has died. It is time to do something right, for once .', "the first ten times that you told me. (Yeah, yeah). It's amazing. His loving. I can't believe I let him go. I regret it. I swear if I hear another word about. Candlelight and long stem roses. And how you're falling head over heels. In love.", "sally kohn: if i don't get this out of me I might quite easily. End up dead or just mad . she says if I roll my sleeves to make a better man of me or I might easily . but she says it's my show. I must go with my soul. Not my hand where I stand . kathleen: i've got the reigns and courage I was made of. but they're testing me .", "bob greene: to trust its stories you've got to be dull as them . he says you can't kill your peasants if you don't trust your promises . greene says we've won over the heads again if we conceal none .", "bob greene: baby, be prepared to be surprised. It's all I know. I'm not gonna state . he says when i wrap my arms around you, every mistake we make crumbles . greene says it's a good idea to say that we'll get by .", "bob greene: what we need is a good jump kick, jump kick. to the head to get our ambitions in gear . he says we need a boat on an island where nobody's been. Except your best memories . greene says she got her tail caught in a fail-proof safe. Didn't really fail for a night in jail .", "i run around to see my soul smashed into pieces. Like a hole in my chest and it burns . like a sead for a fascist society . Fools around me through the back door. Backbite! and we define what's hardcore! .", "Johnny came home headless, it was a great disgrace . but now his head's upon a shelf, a smile upon his face . if his head don't turn up soon then all his hats are mine .", 'cnn\'s john sutter says he\'s never gonna be broke, but he wants to be a hustler . "the ends justifies the means, that\'s the system," he says . he is a sucka punk cop with a capitalist migraine . his life is weighed on the scales of a triple beam, he writes .', "cnn's jim boulden finds a dead man with pitchfork arms on his way to a house on the hill . in the Fall she came back, and with her the birds came back . crows, birds and a swarm of flies are among the birds that swoop in .", "i am addicted to the perceived fate. I am alone I linger on to this fate. Don't kid yourself and don't fool yourself. I can't stop it anymore. I won't depend on anyone anymore. Kill the voice Close your eyes Drown in the darkness Roam around.", 'i am the patron saint of lost causes . a fraction of who i once believed. (Change). Only a matter of time . hands like secrets are the hardest thing to keep from you . lines and phrases like knives your words can cut me through .', "'If I could change the way I live my life today. I wouldn't change a single thing. 'Cos if I change my world into another place. I would not see your smiling face.' 'This love, this love has filled me up. Ooh my love I'll never give you up'", "michael hayden: you are not alone. I am here with you. Even when you're scared. I'll never leave you. he says coloring your face, imagining landscapes of your sorrow, is it yellow or blue? he asks: if you didn't color your heart, i would. You're so alone. You are so.", "frida ghitis: in my life of a girl, of the troubles at love, I'm a troubled, troubled heart . she says a prayer told her to wear a rosary on her neck to stare out to sea . her troubles are never going to leave her alone, she says, and she's free to do it . ghittingis: if you're lonely, don't be afraid to ask for help .", 'just because you caught me, does that make it a sin?. Cool water and the cool wind. when I set sail will there be enough wind?. Oh cool water, yeah, and a cool wind when my ship comes in?', 'bob greene says he never did a single thing to change the ugly ways of the world . he says it\'s a nickel or a dime for what he\'s done . greene: "all you people are the skewers of our dreams. Like the cat that collared me"', "when dawn breaks see it in your eyes. They see straight superheroes disguise . when you're asleep and see I don't know . you can go to sleep now girl. I got the world outside . I'm sleeping, but you are still awake .", 'Virginia Moon, I\'ll wait for you tonight. i will say goodnight2 . "we\'re through and tomorrow rescues you," i\'ll say . if you\'re feeling like i do, stay there, soft and blue .', "a wizard approaches. A reward for the weirdo. Oh but somehow someway somewhere. You get back on your partied out feet . 'i'm gonna ask the judge for a party wack down. A weirdo crack down. Countless times you have fallen weird one. Partied out yet.'", "the moment stole my self-control. From us all and now it can only end with a fall . i'm going to make my stand. I want to see both of your hands put down the phone . but i won't let you go. I'll just come when i am called .", "the ribs of the umbrella. Have fallen apart;. the paper is also torn . don't desert me. Though i. Also am tied together. Don't throw it away. Though I. also am tormented .", "bob greene: you got me crawling through hoops on your roof. To a death song . he says when the north reflected southern lights. in the eyes of the deep where red turned white . greene says if you're leaping off the edge of this world, you got the wrong attitude .", "incipit satan is the god of destruction. Destroyed of all. Rise of pop hell . he is the creator of a new bladin' worm . the janata decive is a novel written by a man who has been raped by his father .", 'it was your birthday yesterday. I gave a gift that almost took your breath away . for your love you gave some time. I will give up these cigarettes . Have your name in a rose tattooed across my chest. and be your lover for all time .', "do what you want, but I'm drinking . i wonder why i'm so caught off guard when we kiss . don't say you'll never when you might. Oh, just another time. this poison comes instruction free .", "Whenever it changes form, it loses quality . energy once neat degenerates into waste heat . from the Liner: 1993- A lot more exciting than it's sister song, Inertia . the band is very committed to heightening awareness around this issue .", '"my word is gone into remission. Your love\'s a tragedy that i don\'t deserve," he says . he travels in secret, knows they\'re pursuing him . high above the water, he feels disconnected and free .', "bob greene: i stumbled on this photograph, it kind of made me laugh . he says it took me way back, back down memory lane. I see the happiness, i see the pain. Where am i? he asks: why did i have to find this photograph? greene says he's slipping fast. travel up and down. Faster than the speed of sound.", "one, one perfect lie wrapped in kindness and tears . one perfect life led by blind faith and trust . if God has a heart he will find you, if you believe in your heaven, he'll find you .", "'Cause I love you so. You want me to leave it there, afraid of a love affair.' 'Take a-take a chance-chance, take a . chance,' if you need me, let me know, gonna be around. 'I'm still free,' says honey .", "eric liu: if I'm more beautiful, cut my face, eat my brain . he says if i have your wife, kill me and eat all my food, but lick off the plate . it cooks the jealousy, so if you're richer, kill yourself and kill yourself, he writes .", "the days really don't last forever, but it's getting pretty damn close . i'm building the Andrea Doria out of balsa wood . and that's when i remember the things i miss the most .", "a 9's wife and i are getting very hot, and here comes the swimsuit bump . ooeoo walks with an erection. he's not getting any smaller . with such a pipe he doesn't think that's gonna work out .", "bob greene: I lived with a child of snow when i was a soldier . he says she used to wear her hair like you, but she'd weave it on a loom . greene says you chose your journey long before. you came upon this highway .", 'i watched the news while the circus was in finland.. Ended his show in the aurora field . i had to hide in the wreath.. I was hoping that fear would be pushed away or further away .', "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges readers to share their love of chicken fried . this week's show features a pair of jeans that fit just right and a radio up . if you agree, have a drink with me. raise your glasses for a toast .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to find your lost love . this week's episode is a tribute to a man whose life has been ruined . it's the last thing you hear before your life disappears . you can't escape unless an escape route is found .", "without you, I'll count the hours without you. With you are the seconds, don't pay . Without you, i'll go to the fir trees. Where I last saw her . I'm alone with you, too (without you) without you .", 'bob greene: we saw a figure dressed in black tippin in west texas . he says we swear to God that he\'s not a cow tippin . greene says he was wearing black Levis when he tipped one over . rede: he said, "oh no! not again!"', "the spirit of Jackson now screams through the ruins. through factory chains and the ghost of the Union. the forgotten remains disappear to their new homes . cover the spread sheets, the Dow Jones skyin'. the cell block live stock, the bodies they buyin' .", 'in the nights of old, I always wished. In the longest year that had me down. And I would freeze if you ever asked me. That was my way. Confront the guilt and try to overcome. Do not go away.', "house sliding in the mud, rivers raging in your blood . i've been hoping your love's not gone . you have been cloudy, distant, dark. I'm thinking of Noah and the ark .", "air conditioning is cold. Summer's hot and love is old. I wish I was smaller. A little creepy crawler . there's lovers' sin in this town. Lovers cannot lay down. Troubles win. They shit on the last bit of fun. And the winter wears and tears. Our bones.", '"i love the wind, but i hate the sound. ... you\'re like a tattoo that i can\'t remove" "in the morning, it begins again. Feels like I\'m fallin\', better strap me in" "there\'s nothin\' else that makes me feel like whoa."', "'i must have been high to believe. That i would ever leave,' he says . he rode on the airstream across the great lonesome afternoon . there's nothing around the bend . except for that flat fine line . the Wichita Skyline .", "bob greene: i need someone to pin me down. just for one frozen moment . he says I need you to catch each breath, crack my skull, kiss me . greene says if i'm faking, i can live in torment. i want you to really feel .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges youtube videos of lump's brains . this week's winner is a u.s. citizen whose brains are rotten and insane . the video features a woman whose life limped along at sub-sonic speeds .", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to find the perfect match . this week\'s challenge is "living, learning to live" and "learning to live on without" this week, we\'re learning to have your love returning .', "fallen mercenary, dormancy is done. not content with wars we've never won . sally kohn: once forgotten soldiers come to life . she says memories can't ignore. Anguish of before. Satisfy the scorn. Rise, ghosts of war.", 'what hurts the most was being so close . having so much to say . watching you walk away . never knowing what could have been . and not seeing that loving you . i would trade, give away all the words that I saved in my heart .', 'cnn\'s jarrett bellini says the market is sinking under the weight of useless contraptions . a stepfather factory will be on display at the world\'s fair, but is it really? he says it\'s the latest in technology. The latest in jobs for the community . "we\'ve grafted only the finest of. Inserted. State of the art with brain charted from true-to-human emotions"', "paranoias brought me to my knees. Lord, please, please . take away my anxiety. The sane and the insane rivalry . i've been dealing with something that's worse than these . my head keeps running away my brother .", 'sally kohn: i\'ve made hallways scenes for things to regret . she says you\'re so young. You look in my eyes. So young, so sweet, so surprised. you look so young like a daisy in my lazy eye. she writes: "i live my life filled with no pain. Just some rage"', "donna brazile: i do this for the love of music. Not for the glitter and gold . she says when she asked to learn humility, she was told it's the little things that bring joy . if you're a musician, give me a guitar, a bright star, some good news, some cute shoes, she says .", '"in this room of the unforgiven. Lie down, but don\'t fall asleep" in this symphony of the damned . "the clock stops and the horror comes. the children cry and weep"', 'the magic of the woods. Fly across the sad trees.... Is time to dream forever. In the night of silver tears.... In the distance. Your voice will be listen. Rise your eyes. To the faeryland realm.', 'girl, where did you stay so long?. "i\'ll show you where the lilies grow at the banks of Italy". there, you eased my mind. girl, you were so kind at the bank of Italy.', "black teenagers are the oldest, and the newest, creatures added to the endangered species list . a top law official adds, 'Because they make good game' i'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigga. how the fuck do you figure?", 'magic in water. that attracts all men, all men. Across hills and down streams. 60,000 years of light. built to slay and conquer all with teeth of beasts . a mountain put to sea. Built to be slain and conquered all .', 'roland martin: like lucky old sun, give me nothing to do but rol around heaven all day . he says send down that cloud with a silver lining, lift me to paradise . show me that river, take me across, wash all my troubles away, he writes .', "wheels keep on spinning round spinning round and round . 'why you say you are not in love with me. (i don't know) why you say that you aren't in love . (spinning round). Why you say 'you're in love'", "the tired tongue. Is leaking stories. From a mind's chaotic. Map of the past. Surrender now. You save the clicks and hours. 'Cause your sorrow's breaching. In the hours to come. Alice went home. Dreams exploding in the sky, it's all very strong. There she goes alone, outside .", "bob greene: i wish i was smarter. I wish I was taller. but i put my face in tomorrow . he says i'm still so afraid. on my own. On my own . greene says if i can smile a crooked smile, talk on tv, walk an empty mile .", "all the boys, all the silly boys, they wanna fight over me . 'if you wanna go abroad, you're gonna need a black dodd.' 'i don't feel haters and if you feeling some kinda way. e-mail him and tell him your still Jada's'", 'bob greene: all men have secrets and here is mine. let it be known . he says we have been through hell and high tide. and yet you start to recoil . greene says I stole and lied, and why?. because you asked me to! he asks: "what difference does it make? (Oooooh). It makes none."', "if i do, the cops will get me for doing it! i wanna go and have some fun. go where the action is. 'who the hell are you to tell me who my friends are?' . you're jealous again. And again and again!", "dean obeidallah: we're victims of society. Lie are told but no one sees. Victims of society . he says only show the hooligans, only show thugs. makes for better telly, makes us look mugs .", 'a walk in the park meets an old soldier and talks of the past . he fought for us in two world wars . says the England he knew is now no more . but always falls asleep . for a Sunday sleep, but he knows .', 'pusher be the test and i beat to the rest. "it\'s all the faker, the light hearted taker." "death is in this heart. Season in these years." "be mine be mine. Burn it to the ground."', "I love you, but I can’t think of right words to say . I long to tell you that i’m always thinking of you . it always ends up to one thing, honey . whoever I’m with, i'm always talking to you, and sad that you can't hear.", "donna brazile: we don't need to escalate. only love can conquer hate . she says we've got to find a way to bring some loving here today . if you're a picket liner, you can't punish me with brutality, she says . brazil: we're not going to escalate war, but we can bring love and understanding .", "the only chance for you is controlled by denizens of hate . situation number one is the one that's just begun . but it's all too often dismissed as fate . situations number four and five leave you wanting more .", "the eagle flies on friday. Saturday I go out to play. Sunday I go to church. Gonna kneel down and pray . though I'm trying and tryin' to find my baby, won't somebody please send her home .", "bob greene: I've got a barrel of this. What do I do with it? he says I do it clean, I do clean. I know what I mean, I mean. Where am I going. Where have I been. Where are you going. where have you been? greene says he's been here, there, everywhere. Here there nowhere.", "bob greene: old black and white movies were true. a slow taxi through the twinkling glitz . he says the snow upon the bonnet. the picture. the song. the sonnet. the steps up out of the subway to the cold . greene says it's a moment when the conscience explodes.", "seems my life is finally coming together . feels so good, don't think i've ever been better . 'it's a new day. (Open my eyes and my path is clearer)", "king edward viii: he's the king, and he looks great on you, look-. iii: let the wild rumpus start! i know we don't need it. All in line you go, go, get, go.", 'my light, my light. Carry on through the night. Tomorrow you’ll find. A healed heart and a calming mind. A ray of light this world will not decline . rays of light will not fade away .', 'trac hushed up in dressing room.. all the little gavroches and the damaged heads . beautiful steps, round faces like bowls. Red heads in a word the family . trac: "all that anger has done better. Those who wanted to enjoy the mess"', "Oma Nare prevailed mildly . Ameno, ameno Dori Me, de-Ori Me. (Dori Me Roe) 16 o'clock . oma nare was mildly troubled .", 'be the greatest man in history. The greatest man that you can be . walk, walk out on the beach with me. Walk out in the sea with me . all of the time you show me your love. Sweet love. And oh, how you know .', "i wanna have your babies. get serious like crazy. i see them springing up like daisies . if you knew what was going on in my brain, it would scare you . trust me; it's all about you. I'm betting you're the one in my dreams .", "doctoro: if i throw away the curry. I can sell the stuff as glue . he says he has a secret recipe;. the best that found in Calcutta town . doctoro's uncle in Bombay. when he's on holiday. take his field of rice. and open a store .", "bob greene: you tell me you like the taste. You tell me it calms your nerves . he says it doesn't look that way to him . greene says he's fucking scared. you tell him that you like her. you wish you did .", '"baby call me a whore" is cnn\'s weekly, offbeat look at top tv shows . this week, jarrett looks back on his masturbation . he digs a peice of his sweet ass . and i dig it when you lick my clit .', "'sing' is a tattoo my fingers attached with. Twenty-seven. With three kids that i never met . 'if i could swim a thousand lakes to bring your life back,' i wrote .", 'last night I heard lepers. Flinch like birth defects. Its musk was fecal in origin . Dolls wreck the minced meat of pupils. Cast in oblong arms length. The hooks have been picking their scabs .', "bob greene: i am a Viking of some note. i'm the one who beats the drum in time . he says we lost two ships when it turned to a gale. down went a third when she rammed on a whale . greene says we need a cause. we need someone to pull the oars. and to do the chores .", "every day when i get home from work, i feel so frustrated, the boss is a jerk . i want to bang on the drum all day. (I can bang that sucker) i don't want to play. I just want to do this all day .", 'wolf is the last one of his kind. all his companions have died;. Man signed their fatal destiny . he cries his sorrow to the moon. a tear shines through the misty gloom .', "john avlon: you're going where no man has gone before . he says we have to dispose of all of you so we can spoil the final frontier . we're on a one-way ticket to Pluto, we wash our hands of you and your lost ark .", "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges readers to share their own drug taking stories . this week's topic is drug taking, drug taking and drug taking . readers share their drug taking tales, photos, and videos .", "a rat done bit my sister Nell. With whitey on the moon. her face and arms began to swell . ten years from now i'll be paying still . while whitey's on moon. I wonder why he's upping me?", "bob greene: all the things i hate today. Politics that fail. from a president derailed. I hate the shit economy. he says i can't relate. to your verbal idiocy. when the government's the enemy. Impose your views. Consfearacy. Is anarchy. Actions of hostility. Breeds conformity. Annihilation will begin. Extermination from within.", "we still love her now. She is going steady. but we're not ready, Oh. To see her fall . we should never turn our shoulder. I will never make you suffer . i will never hurt you mother .", "bad news makes the front page all the time, but the positive's . in small print on page 99. the sun shines laughter when we. Live as one, and there's peace for those who. Believe in love .", 'cnn\'s kelly wallace is the fucking son of a superman . he\'s got a weapon that\'s as deadly as life . "i put my knife into your gut. You gotta be above when your above." after a sweet sweet slut .', "i'm not so well these days. there must be something somewhere near . come lollard, raise your lute and sing . like Maddox in the days of old. we'll feast and drink until we fold .", "can't undo what I have done. Can't take it back, It's alittle late.. Now . I didn't mean to hurt you.. in any way. All I wanna do is walk away . if I stay I'm gonna end up hurting you... and I don't wanna break your heart, baby .", "frida ghitis: it's a beautiful day. birds are singing, you by my side. Let's take a car and go for a ride . she says if you love me, you'll love me. if not, you won't love me . ghittingis: we'll drive on and follow the sun. making Sunday go on and on.", "bob greene: i'm trigger happy, trigger happy every day . he says if commies attack me tonight, he'll blow their brains out with his Smith and wesson . greene says he mistook Daddy in the dark for a drug-crazed Nazi again .", "you used to rush out to greet them. With open arms . now. we know where you'll be at twelve . walking down. To the liquor store. Yeah. That'll keep you warm now . if you're at twelve, we'll give you a warm hug .", "you're caught up in the crossfire so to speak. it was a such lovely party . before the accident occured. the ambulance came and took you away . the poison was meant for me . it's been a long time since i've had a party like this .", "when you hear them walk away. Left you here so you can stay. I don't understand the pain. But not what the future brings . silver's just another gold. When you're bitter and you are old. You could tell me anything .", "had me a woman, she ran away. Warned me one time, warned me twice . Found me out and it weren't too nice . can the chatter, bye-bye dear. Carved me an crimson career .", 'bob greene: i\'m bored and bored of the Mr. Nice Guy. Treats me well, but "stiff" is the word on my mind . he says he needs something. that\'s not against the law. It just fit in space and . greene says if he\'s bored, he should find a man to get his engine started up .', "'i'm crying for all the people I passed.. Which I swerved and ran away from..  'Cause every time I let a man near me . I found it close by myself.. but if I kept myself safe and spared myself. I got lost and cold.. His eyes are shutting down, he's sighing.. He's losing control.. There's eyes dazzling at the same time.. When I look at", 'edward mccaffery: i have opened the doors for unleashed and endless hate . he says i will break your will, crush your faith, tear your precious world apart . the screams will fade into my dreams, and all will be vanished in the darkness .', "can you hear me stumbling, my friends?. 'Cause suddenly the darkness became my friend. That strokes my head. Can you hear my counting the days?' 'all of the men that looked in your eyes. And all of the boys that lie at your feet. Forget how to breathe, forget how to speak.' .", "'our vanity stands in our way. if we didn't dare, we might have betrayed ourselves' 'where do you want to go I can hardly see you.' . 'cause there's nothing more to talk about than when it rains. Is it better to give up?'", "'i wanna big city boy. Be a man, not a boy. I'm gonna meet you on down beside the bayou . train won't stop. Never gonna stop. And it's coming back to carry me back home . and ride that wind back home. Bad devil. Cry for me baby .", 'February the 10th. Sunday. Noise. Peace', "Suddenly i was free. but you left me without anything . now you're all I need. Blue shadows behind your eyes. I wonder who you disguise . i'm so tired, I can't get back. I'm walking to still connect .", "i just wanna live in bliss, in peace now. You will never miss . but i can!. (Ha ha ha! ) i cannot keep. The shame that's clawed us out!", "i'm a classy honey kissy huggy lovey dovey ghetto princess . cuz you're filthy (filthy), and I'm gorgeous (gorgeous) i love you so much i can't wait to meet you .", "my favorite dreams of you still wash ashore. Scraping through my head 'til I don't want to sleep anymore. You make this all go away. I'm down to just one thing. I just want something I can never have . Grey would be the color if I had a heart.", "paralyzed by ancient delight. and riding for a fall today . i am dressed in style, so eager in mind. but furthermore distracted by you . and it's like i lose myself. In dreaming of summer days in bloom .", '"no longer slinking, respectfully drinking. Like civilized ladies and men." "my head may go reeling (slide whistle). but my heart will be obedient (heartbeat sound). With intoxicating kisses" "we\'ll be so glad we\'re both alive"', "in one year I got rich, now life's movin so fast . but bein broke with no food is just a thing of the past . i'm a hustler by nature but criminal by law .", 'living my life like a gypsy. Earning my life from the air of time. Have freedom for flag. "No faith or law" for credo . "my guitars are from America.. And my landscapes. Large white spaces. Where i ride alone in my trailer. In eternal exile. In the jungle of cities."', 'a man of riches. May claim a crown of jewels. But the king of heaven . by the mark where the nails have been. By the sign upon his precious skin . i will know my savior when i come to him .', 'bob greene: these hotels groe so stale. Telling the same ass-tale. Chourus: "when you give, man, you recieve." he says he\'s waiting for the arrows of cupid. " Wide-eyed and stupid. I\'m waiting for your love. Of your love."', 'a truth is Invented with Extreme Accuracy. and the immense work of the imagination . don\'t give up, or lack of passion.. Don\'t tell me anything, or give me a reason . "the least thought-out is what i\'ll believe."', "'we're gonna rock this town. rock it inside out. (Rock it, rock right in!). (Oh my god) We're going to rip this town apart. We'll rock till we pop. (I put a quarter right into that can)", 'can i hold you one last time?. to fight the fear that is growing in my mind . i know i did us both all so wrong. . before life began to tear us apart . can hardly remember her face. Before we met she was sad .', "'least not for long. but if we help each other grow. while the light of day smiles down our way. Oh, we can't go wrong. but time, she is a fast old train. She's here and she's gone and she won't come again. Could I count on you to lay me down?", "Cherry blossom girl. I feel sick all day long. From not being with you. I never talk to you. People say that I should. I can pray everyday. For the moment to come. I just want to be sure. When I will come to you . When the time will be gone. You will be by my side. Cherry blossom boy. Tell me why can't it be true. I'll never love again. Can I say that to you? Will you run away. If I try to be true .", 'warhead. Hear the thunder roar. Warhead. Unite the lightning whore . born of thunder. Raised by fire. Call the Heavens. By desire . engraved on flesh and bone. Born of mortal stone .', "part of you dies each passing day. (Say it's a game and I'll come to no harm) You who are rich and whose troubles are few. May come around to see my point of view.", "cnn's kelly wallace got a chance to meet a girl who's just my type . she was on her jock at a local discotheque and wanted to do her little dance . wallace says she's not a liar, but a wild thing fan .", 'a man with a "born to kill" tattoo. Tried to cut in . knocked out his front tooth. We ran outside hood-sliding like Bo Duke . a little white tank top sitting right. There in the middle by me. thinking about a long kiss man just got to get .', "don't you know that I'm missin' my baby, Yeah, Yeah . i'm comin' back to you baby. Here I come, baby, here I come now . (insert real tasty keyboard solo)", "some days I feel broke inside, but I won't admit . i'm sorry for blaming you. For everything I just couldn't do. And I've hurt myself by hurting you . to have just one more chance. To look into your eyes. And see you looking back .", "cat gets a TV eye on me. she got a tv eye. She got an otc on me . cat: i love her so much. i'm a big fan of hers . she's a good cat, but i don't know what to do with her .", "anticipation has the habit to set you up. For disappointment in evening entertainment . but. tonight there'll be some love, and a ruckus, despite what's gone before . when the two-for-one's undone the writer's block .", "donna brazile: I'm trying to be somebody. I'll never let you down . she says what they say. What they think won't ever bring me down. this life is mine. and I am my own . if you're a mother, don't worry about me, he'll be fine, she says .", "there's another side that i'm trying to crack . if you open your mind and let me take a stab, at the secrets that you know . I want to suffer in your arms and when you're naked in the dark .", 'bob greene: in these last days. her tears fell on her pages. Found me well on her words . he says he could never love you back. I could never care enough. Ohio. Green, green youth. "what about the sweetness we knew?" he asks. "why do I still burn for you?. I can\'t say."', "cnn's ireport boot camp challenges you to share your love stories . this week's boot camp is all about making you feel mighty real . do you have a love story to share? share it with us on instagram .", "bob greene: I love you too, you know I do. You make me happy. Laughing, glad, and full of glee . he says you don't have to try. for you it comes so naturally. right here in my arms . greene says he's a big fan of you and you make me smile .", 'a farewell whisper whispers to a stranded man . "tremble on" is my last conviction . my last prediction is to be rescued . i\'ll fight for sure. you left me here. I came for shelter .', 'starfucker just like my daddy, yes. selling his baby. Just like your daddy . mother Mary, china white. Brown may be sweeter. She will supply, she will supply. Give me peace, love, peace and a hard cock2 .', "i'm both lost and found, never been there before . can't tell you how I even came to get here. Mysterious, everything i hold dear . i don't know how i got here, but it's a great place to be .", "brown eyes, I'll hold you near. 'cause you're the only song I want to hear. A melody softly soaring through my atmosphere. . a melody . softly sings through my environment. ...and if the silence takes you, then i hope it takes me, too.", "fallen mercenary, dormancy is done. not content with wars we've never won . sally kohn: once forgotten soldiers come to life . she says memories can't ignore. Anguish of before. Satisfy the scorn. Rise, ghosts of war.", "your love inferno. Defines your anger. The way you are. I'll try to cease the burning of you . your catherine wheel again. Your catherines wheel again . i'll refuse your love .", "i love him in every way that a woman can love a man. From personal to universal but most of all, it's unconditional . if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly because his light shines so bright I wouldn't lie .", "cnn.com's ireport boot camp challenges readers to share their stories . this week's guest blogger is a lonely widow . she's of age but have no children. No quarter phone booth calls to home .", 'bob greene: your mouth dropped open. Darkness fell out. Kept close in skin, blood . he was. And from those lips, a seed. Twisted roots kept warm. Raped she was and ready for the death, he says .', "ed husain: so many years to clean slate. Endless despair within its wake . he says it's September and he covets the gullible. see the twisted hand of doubt seal the affair . the insect trust believer. your body - a vehicle to house his disease .", "ghosts of forever ride the pale twilight . the blood I shed for you was divine. turn your head and leave it denied . i call your name in the cold of the night. you've become the serpent's spine .", 'I wanna boom bang bang with your body-o. We gonna rough it up before we take it slow . girl, let me rock you rock you like a rodeo. (it’s gonna be a bumpy ride)', "lz granderson: i spent a lot of time and dough trying to match what we had . he says it wouldn't hurt to try. To find our love. Wish that i, would've known the treasures . granderson says he didn't know love until love was gone. now he's back .", "hey mama, don't treat me wrong. come and love your daddy all night long . see the girl with the diamond ring. She knows how to shake that thing . baby, make me feel all right (make me feel so good)", "don't leave here with all these thoughts inside my head. Rewind the lines and find the hidden meanings . Sitting alone and knowing that i need you. As I remember. Our first fight. I wish that I could backtrack .", '"we gotta take on the armor of Christ and go to battle against Satan," man says . "my arms are wheels, my legs are wheels. my blood is pavement" "when you ride, you\'re ridden". "his horn went beep beeping". "tell your mother I hate you!"', 'a six week vacation from the use of my right arm . a hundred and five liters of "dr. path" will consume by the end of june . the sound of shredding vocal chords is what i want to hear . "i\'m wishing i was back in-utero."', "depleted I, dying for the wrong cause. Defeated I, fighting for a lost cause . sanity waits in the gallows. as it's your war. There'll be no escape at all .", "you'll be the brightest star the world has ever seen . your pale blue eyes, strawberry hair. Lips so sweet. Skin so fair. It's rags to riches . build a dream, watch it all fall down .", "let the light in and my baby. Let it all go back to the way it used to be. Call down the alley. Loud to hear. Cry to that love. Is he not to be found?. Search as obsessive. Tell his friends that's what I'll tell them..", 'when the sun was down. I opened my eyes. And I looked around. All the stars were bound. To fall from the sky. I would make no sound . I can hold you. Like I told you. i can fold you another rainbow .', 'a brick and i\'m drowning slowly. off the coast and I\'m headed nowhere . as weeks went by, it showed that she was not fine . they told me, "Son, it\'s time to tell the truth"', "hugging up the big monkey man is your lie, it's your lie . la-la-la is the name for the monkey man . he's a monkey, a man whose lie he tells others . the monkey is a big monkey .", 'God would like to own your autograph. The angels cry to have your photograph. As if you were all sweetness and light. As fortune favours fools by candle light . Look at your position on the map. Put your record on the phonograph.', "blood tastes like vanilla. Shout up! that's fucking bullshit.  Headless body,  I'm damned. I say destroy, 'fuck off' ... .", "one, two, three, four, five, five against one, said. I'd rather be with an animal . Rah. Why would you want to hurt me, ahh. frightened of your pain, yeah .", "i danced you across the wooden floor and. Then you signed the lease . What happened in the car that night?. I remember lyin' on the bedroom floor. You were holding me honey, kissing my soul .", 'cnn\'s kelly wallace is a rapper from queens, new york . he\'s got money, power and respect, but he wants to make it pop, hot . wallace: "i take a shit on rappers all it\'s worth"', 'this can be an undercover romance . "you\'re the one for me" is a love story about a girl who doesn\'t treat her the way she wants . if she finds out, she\'ll know nothing, oh no .', "the way you look it just blows my mind. All that I want is to be next to you. Oh girl. Can you come over to my house?. Oh we can do things that we've never done. We can just talk it can be such fun.", "bob greene: together we are both alone, but I don't mind. I dreamt of everything . he says when he closes his eyes, you never go away. I've tried everything, still you won't change . greene says one hundred days and then the suffering stops. Running faster through this .", "bob greene: how can you stand there and deny it? he says it's like houses of cards. And landing. On splinters and glass . greene says time is running fast. Upon your reflection. trust me now .", "bob greene: i forgot to tell you something, sorry to wake you . he says things I tell you will not be wrong, but they will be true . greene says he has woken you up, but it's too late to wake up .", "when I'm alone with you, your tears come down. You search your life for something new . all of the streets were with you but now you're gone . Fell in love with foolish things. And fell away from me, now you’re gone.", "the saints are crippled on this sinners' night. Lost are the lambs with no guiding light . All we need is lightning with power and might . Striking down the prophets of false . Brothers and sisters, keep strong in the faith .", "I've been sleepin' for 40 days and. I know I'm sleeping 'cause this dream's too amazin'. Ah, it’s the magical mystery kind. Ah must be a lie. Bye-bye to the too good to be true kind of love . Oh, I could die. Oh now I can die .", "Skies open up and an angel starts falling. Listen to their beats - can you hear them hollering?. Start in the morning, through to the evening. Dance like you're the only one around. Move like you want it. Groove like you need it. Dancing it up 'til the sun goes down. 'Til the sunshine breaks. Ah, come on!. Are ya feeling what we bring to y'all?. Peace and love.", "bob greene: i'm just a ghost in this house. I'm a shadow upon these walls . he says it's all that's left of two hearts on fire that once burned out of control . greene says he's a shell of the man he was. A living proof of the damage heartbreak does .", "dean obeidallah: hate is the blueprints of a world full of lies . he says he's sworn to resist in a lie-filled world, so full of agony inside . full of lied. full Of Lie. Full Of Agony, full of hate. a mercenary venture blast. despite control. In-decision, hypocrisy in-tolerance.", "there ain't no doctor that can cure my disease. (Bad, bad medicine) i've got a jones for your affection like a monkey on my back . there's no anesthesia or a nurse to bring a pill . when you find your medicine you take what you can get.", 'Lucy: there is a way to ask for help. it makes the helper feel bigger . no, no threats. No, no fights. No fantasy. (Lucy, Lucy, Lucy) Lucy: you have another kind of freshness.', 'a vestal child unveiled by temptation. one common, subterranean destination. one life, another day. "innocence slips away. Far away. Been down so long. Too deep the water that I tread."', "Sunday morning brings the dawning. It's just a restless feeling by my side . watch out, the world's behind you. there's always someone around you who will call . it's nothing at all .", "when she gets weary, you try a little tenderness . you've got to hold her. Don't squeeze her, never leave her. You've gotta hold her and never . if you can't hold her, don't leave her .", "donna brazile: I don't know where I'm goin'. I guess that I am walkin' . she says just away from this love affair. i can't say that i'm cruisin', just that you're bruising from me . but she says that she'd rather be waltzin' with you. oh ooo.", 'cnn\'s ireport boot camp challenges you to confront your fears about women . this week\'s topic is "i don\'t trust myself!" a woman in a dream woman looks at her and hardly looks at them . she\'ll never see her again .', "cute face slim waist. She's fresh to death. she'll be the death of me . she thinks she's so damn fine. but she ain't worth a second of your time . you're as fake as the moans you make. and as weak as the hearts you break .", 'bob greene remembers the days of just keeping time. Of hanging around in sleepy towns, forever . but when he saw you, he knew. we go together, like a wink and a smile . now my heart is music. Singing again, the notes never end .', "a cold winter sun. My feet underground. A pale windless city. A numbness for sound. I'll wait, back here. Or should I, start pushing my way. Home. Cold, and the whiskey is wearing.", "as quietly as a mouse, i haunt these halls . i'm all that's left of two hearts on fire . you took my body and soul. I'm just a ghost in this house .", "love comes in spurts. In dangerous flirts. And it murders your heart. They didn't tell you that part . love comes. Love comes. love. love, love. Love, love . and love - oh no, cause .", "there are two roads to walk down and one road to choose . I can't really tell you what I'm gonna do . thinking over. Thinking over. Only you know if he's the one for me .", "cnn's mike downey says he's not a bitch, but a rapping dog . he says his poop is like choosing which puddle of vomit to lick . the fucking rap is like watching porn but the music isn't as good . up until now, he didn't know he could sing .", "i want a girl with a mind like a diamond, eyes that burn like cigarettes . she's fast and thorough and sharp as a tack . we'll start to talk when she borrows my pen .", 'vampire myth is overtones of sexual lust, power, control. or is it a fascination with the undead? vampire myths are a way of capturing our imagination, like vampires . vampire mythology is based on the myth of vampires, a vampire myth that explains our interest .', "bob greene: these are the days that i've been missing . he says i feel the stillness of the sun. and I feel fine . when the nights are closing early, i remember you and I start to smile . greene says these days are of love and meaning;. Ice of the heart melted away .", 'don\'t you fucking pity me, get up, get off. I can handle anything, even if you can\'t handle you . "fuck this shit, I\'m sick of it, you\'re going down, this is a war. Fuck it!"', "the writing on the wall. A dark and sullen lullaby. Whispered softly as you die. Promising torments are nigh. i saw the silver lining hidden in a mushroom cloud. now i'm reeling from the shock at ground zero.", "all the things that i relate to well like goggles and paint tubes . Transparent paper wings that float above me while I sleep . to think I'm dying, an' i'm dyin' .", 'she sings to the moon and the stars in the sky. trust in eternity, that\'s what she gives . she looks like Marilyn, walks like Susanne. she talks like Monica and Mary-Ann . "she is like you and me, like them, like we. She\'s in you and us," she says .', 'Sgt. Hetfield\'s Motorbreath pub band drank 1000 beers . thrash and let the metal flow . "we\'d like to fuck your Motor Breath," says singer .', "bob greene: if you had one shot or one opportunity, would you capture it, or just let it slip? he says it's time to snap back to reality and hope it don't pass him . greene says success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not .", 'bob greene: I got so frightened by myself. I whispered "no";. To my own shadow . he says I got along. Blinded by the light. Faded by the dawn. Of mine. I flew away...', "i had to crucify some brother today. and I don't dig what you gotta say . so come on and say it. Come on and tell me twice . sack all the needy. i can't stand to leave it .", "bob greene: are we not men, we are Devo? he says it's all just wind and sails . greene says he's a man, a boy, and a one night stand . people try to put us down, but we're all right now, in fact a gas .", "no, you don't. You think that you can beat them. But no. No, you didn't . you think you have everything, but no, they're not . bob greene: if you can't beat them, you're going to die . greene says you've got to keep on sucking until the blood won't flow.", "you've been living like a little girl. In the middle of your little world . and your mind, your tiny mind. you know you're really been so blind . now's your time, burn your mind. You're falling far, too far behind . I'll feel you burn .", "there are so many things i like about you today . without you my life doesn't make sense . i don't know if i deserve you, I just know I still want . for the rest of my days, i want to be your company .", "Moon River and me are crossing the world in style someday . we're after the same rainbow's end . Moon River is a dream maker and a heart-breaker . i'm crossing you in style .", 'screaming insects hail the queen. welcome the killer home. Hold me close to your dead heart. and let the rapist roam. put your bloody hands on me. and whisper in my ear. Burning bodies keep us warm. and have for many years .', '"i think you\'re a nazi. Don\'t be lyin\', baby. Are you anti-Zion, baby? " "you drive a fuckin\' panzer, baby." "you say that love is blind. So how could i have guessed?" "you\'re the love of my life. but it cuts like a knife."', 'pray till they tear your kingdom down, says samantha gupta . he says he heard the voice of Jesus say. Satan, your kingdom must come down . the angel of kings, king of israel, said, "god bless you and your kingdom"', "back home, snow used to surprise me. it's all two years ahead of me now . you say I won't miss you, but I do. It's a lot of never thinking . I love all the things I said I love. But forget why I'm still standing .", 'all I am. A child with promises. All I have. Are miles full of promises of home . days will pass, your words to me. It seems so long, eternity . but i must wait until it’s over1 .', "inside me, inside me is a flame. that burned brighter whenever you came . it gets in the way when i'm alone with you. but disappears if I'm with someone new . with my skills our love was going okay. Until the night when we were on the phone .", "i'm man-sized. I want to fit. I've got to get. Man-size . i cast my iron knickers down. I cast my leather boots on. . my babe looks cool and neat. ... I'm pretty sure good enough to eat .", "sally kohn: I adore you everyday. I got all the time in the world. To wait for you . she says i'm in love with you every day. I'm a big fan of you and you're a great person .", "bob greene: if you can't say no just think about. he says he cried when he read letter from another man . greene says if he doesn't think about me, he'll have to say no to me, me and me . if not, just think of me. Me, me. Yeah, yeah, yeah .", 'wherever youre goin, im goin your way. two drifters, off to see the world . were after that same rainbows end, waitin round the bend . huckleberry friend, moon river, and me are crossing you in style some day .', 'future boy: "i\'ve got friends but you know some times. It all depends on how tall they are against yourself" "we\'ll build you a time machine to get back home," he says . "it looks like i\'m stuck here this time. ... gonna miss my friends"', "slaughter governs law, the apocalypse begins. Pain becomes the norm, seeking homicide . Tip the human scale, follow revelations' plan. It must come to pass, secret shadows lie . sickless, mindless hate becomes evolutions cure. God send death. Watch it bleed. Justified .", "sally kohn: this hate is self-inflikted. Deliver this torment. Upon your final judgement . she says we'll kill until it's done. It's you, the scum. Falling and burning. Execution now is coming. corruption is the sign. Nobody moves, nobody gets hurt....", 'some people wait a lifetime for a chance like this . baby, no, I won’t let you go. I’m sick of tears and being fierce . (i’ll learn to live before I die. Will learn to love and learn to try)', "i just want to look at you, oh, all day. there ain't nothin' wrong with that . i'm sorry, so sorry (Damn, you're so hot! ), your beauty is so vain . it drives me, yes, there's nothing .", 'bloodless. Hopeless. Hating as I fade. Pulsate. Pushing. Head exploding. Razor sharp the tongue is. Put down. Run out . Throw down as I hate. Feeding, Needing. Severed bleeding. Pull it our exposing. Take a beating. Needle speeding. Fall into a daze .', "frida ghitis: there is no forgiveness here. just the longest and the darkest night . she says you burned your bridges a long time ago. why should i put my faith in you? she says i'm a heathen, searching for his soul; you burned his bridges.", 'cnn\'s john sutter writes about the violent world with his magazine essay . he says he blames nazi youth, demons, Nazi youth for the violence . "can\'t afford to rot, so you move on. Any opportunity comes," he writes .', "'Cause I know what's ailing me (yes, I do) All I need is my baby. You don't know I'm in misery.' I don’t need no doctor. 'I don's no doctor,' he said . he put me on the critical list .", "yes, I want it, but no, I don't need it. Tell me something sweet to get me by . hey, sweetie. i need you here tonight. and I know that you want it . but if you can wait 'til I get home. then i swear, come tomorrow, this will all be in our past .", "when i was formless, you gave me a new name . with the breath of life i now live abundantly . all i needed was the potter's hand. And the blood on Calvary . but too much power. Can sometimes turn to shame .", "what have you done to the game? Was it a victory, a shame. Where have you gone? Before morning dew. The game will not end. Without you. Ears of lost minds. Luke and torn. Dresses rotten. And broken stores. And the meaning. It's sold too soon. Can the blister. Substitute the moon.", "'i wanna go out on a picnic with you, baby. Out under the big bright yellow sun.' 'it's like a big ol' balloon in a hurricane,' she said . 'she's battin' her eye n' lookin' straight at me'", "the jet is freaking, the guest list is speakin'. we jet to Ibiza, the people are shrieking. the world kids are cravin' a ravin ' invasion. I come from the future of next school new wavin'. New york is so fly, my high rise is so high. The height of my high style comes right from the turnstile."]